FW-003

Order on Court Fee Waiver (Superior Court)

1. Person who asked the court to waive court fees:
   Name: DAVID M. CARSWELL
   Street or mailing address: 888 7th St. #141
   City: SF
   State: CA
   Zip: 94107

2. Lawyer, if person in (1) has one (name, firm name, address, phone number, e-mail, and State Bar number):

3. A request to waive court fees was filed on (date): JAN 09 2026

4. After reviewing your:
   Request to Waive Court Fees
   Request to Waive Additional Court Fees

   The court makes the following orders:
   a. The court grants your request, as follows:
      (1) Fee Waiver. The court grants your request and waives your court fees and costs listed below. (Cal. Rules of Court, rules 3.55 and 8.818.) You do not have to pay the court fees for the following:
         - Filing papers in superior court
         - Making copies and certifying copies
         - Sheriff's fee to give notice
         - Reporter's fee for attendance at hearing or trial, if the court is not electronically recording the proceeding and you request that the court provide an official reporter
         - Assessment for court investigations under Probate Code section 1513, 1826, or 1851
         - Preparing, certifying, copying, and sending the clerk's transcript on appeal
         - Holding in trust the deposit for a reporter's transcript on appeal under rule 8.130 or 8.834
         - Making a transcript or copy of an official electronic recording under rule 8.835
      (2) Additional Fee Waiver. The court grants your request and waives your additional superior court fees and costs that are checked below. (Cal. Rules of Court, rule 3.56.) You do not have to pay for the checked items.
         - Jury fees and expenses
         - Fees for court-appointed experts
         - Other (specify): 

   Clerk stamps date here when form is filed.

   FILED
   Superior Court of California
   County of San Francisco
   JAN 09 2026
   CLERK OF THE COURT
   By: CN
   Deputy Clerk

   Fill in court name and street address:
   Superior Court of California, County of Small Claims
   Superior Court of California, County of San Francisco
   400 McAllister, Room 103
   San Francisco, CA 94102

   Fill in case number and name:
   Case Number: CSM-26-871026
   Case Name: CARSWELL VS ONEAL

   Read this form carefully. All checked boxes are court orders.

   Notice: The court may order you to answer questions about your finances and later order you to pay back the waived fees. If this happens and you do not pay, the court can make you pay the fees and also charge you collection fees. If there is a change in your financial circumstances during this case that increases your ability to pay fees and costs, you must notify the trial court within five days. (Use form FW-010.) If you win your case, the trial court may order the other side to pay the fees. If you settle your civil case for $10,000 or more, the trial court will have a lien on the settlement in the amount of the waived fees. The trial court may not dismiss the case until the lien is paid.

   FW-003, Page 1 of 3

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Your name:

b. The court denies your fee waiver request because:

Warning! If you miss the deadline below, the court cannot process your request for hearing or the court papers you filed with your original request. If the papers were a notice of appeal, the appeal may be dismissed.

(1) Your request is incomplete. You have 10 days after the clerk gives notice of this Order (see date of service on next page) to:
- Pay your fees and costs, or
- File a new revised request that includes the incomplete items listed:
  Below
  On Attachment 4b(1)

(2) The information you provided on the request shows that you are not eligible for the fee waiver you requested for the reasons stated:
  Below
  On Attachment 4b(2)

The court has enclosed a blank Request for Hearing About Court Fee Waiver Order (Superior Court) (form FW-006). You have 10 days after the clerk gives notice of this order (see date of service below) to:
- Pay your fees in full or the amount listed in c below, or
- Ask for a hearing in order to show the court more information. (Use form FW-006 to request hearing.)

c. (1) The court needs more information to decide whether to grant your request. You must go to court on the date on page 3. The hearing will be about the questions regarding your eligibility that are stated:
  Below
  On Attachment 4c(1)

(2) Bring the items of proof to support your request, if reasonably available, that are listed:
  Below
  On Attachment 4c(2)

This is a Court Order.

Order on Court Fee Waiver (Superior Court)
FW-003, Page 2 of 3

--- PAGE BREAK ---

This is a page from a San Francisco small claims court document. Extract all text exactly as it appears. Include party names, dates, claim amounts, rulings, and any other information on the page. Output plain text only.