SC-109 Authorization to Appear

This form is used to tell the court you are authorized to appear for a plaintiff or defendant in a small claims case. You may also use this form to ask the court for permission to help a plaintiff or defendant who cannot properly speak for himself or herself.

You cannot appear for a defendant or plaintiff if your only job is to represent him or her in small claims court. If you are a lawyer, you can appear only as authorized by section 116.530 of the Code of Civil Procedure.

Fill out (1)-(4) on this page, then file it with the small claims clerk at or before the trial.

1 List the name, address, and position of the person appearing:
Name: Myriah Monteneri
Address: 4545 Airport Way, Denver, CO 80239
Job title or relationship to the defendant or plaintiff you want to appear for: Specialist, Claims

2 Who are you appearing for?
A defendant in this case (name): Frontier Airlines
A plaintiff in this case (name): Lockett v. Frontier Airlines, Inc.

3 Tell us about the defendant or plaintiff you are appearing for.
I am appearing for a (check one):
Corporation and I am an employee, officer, or director of that corporation.
Partnership and I am an employee, officer, director, or partner of that partnership.
Other business (not a corporation, partnership, or sole proprietorship) and I am an employee, officer, or director of that business.
Government agency or other public entity and I am an employee, officer, or director of that agency or entity.
Sole proprietorship and I am an employee of that business. I am qualified to testify about business records made in the regular course of business at or near the time of the event. The content of the business records is the only issue in this case. (Evidence Code, § 1271).
Plaintiff who was assigned to out-of-state active duty in the U.S. armed forces for more than 6 months after filing this claim. I am not being paid to appear. I have not appeared in small claims court for other people more than 4 times in this calendar year.
Defendant or plaintiff who is in a jail, a prison, or another detention facility now. I am not being paid to appear. I have not appeared in small claims court for other people more than 4 times in this calendar year.
Owner of rental property in California who employs me as a property agent. This claim is about the rental property I manage.
Association created to manage a common interest development and I am an agent, management company representative, or bookkeeper for that association.
Husband or wife and my spouse and I are both listed on this claim and agree that either spouse can appear for the other.
Other (explain):

4 I declare under penalty of perjury under California state law that the information above is true and correct.
Date: 6/23/2025
Myriah Monteneri
Type or print your name
Sign your name

Authorization to Appear (Small Claims)