SC-105A Order on Request for Court Order (Small Claims)

1. The court has received and considered (check all that apply):
   - Request for Court Order and Answer, Form SC-105 (page 1)
     filed on: AUG 07 2025
   - Answer on Request for Court Order and Answer, Form SC-105 (page 2)
     filed on:
   - Other (specify):

2. The court makes the following orders:
   a. The request is granted.
   b. The request is denied.
   c. You must go to court if you want to be heard.
     A hearing on this request is scheduled as follows:

   Hearing Date:
   Date: Time: Dept.:
   Name and address of court if different from above:

   d. Bring evidence to the hearing to support your request.
   e. Other orders (specify):

   f. Explanation for decision (if any): Related claims should be addressed by the same court for judicial economy and to avoid inconsistent results.
     Date: 8/20/25

Need help?
For free help, contact your county's Small Claims Advisor:
Or visit selfhelp.courts.ca.gov/small-claims-advisor.

Requests for Accommodations
Assistive listening systems, computer-assisted real-time captioning, or sign language interpreter services are available if you ask at least 5 days before the hearing. Contact the clerk's office for Request for Accommodations by Persons With Disabilities and Response (form MC-410). (Civ. Code, § 54.8.)

This is a Court Order.
Order on Request for Court Order
SC-105A, Page 1 of 1

Clerk stamps date when form is filed.

F I L E D
Superior Court of California
County of San Francisco
AUG 20 2025
CLERK OF THE COURT
By: Deputy Clerk

Clerk fills in court name and street address:
Superior Court of California, County of San Francisco
Small Claims
Superior Court
400 McAllister, Room 103
San Francisco, CA 94102

Clerk fills in case number and case name below:
Case Number: CSM-25-870154
Case Name: KHA v. LINEHAN

- Clerk's Certificate of Mailing -
I certify that I am not involved in this case and (check one):
A Certificate of Mailing is attached.
This Order was mailed first class, postage paid, to all parties at the addresses listed in (1) and (2) on the Request for Court Order and Answer.
On (date): AUG 20 2025
From(city): SAN FRANCISCO, California
Clerk, by CASSANDRA VASQUEZ, Deputy