Notice to the person being sued:
- You are the defendant if your name is listed in 2 on page 2 of this form or on form SC-100A. The person suing you is the plaintiff, listed in 1 on page 2.
- You and the plaintiff must go to court on the trial date listed below. If you do not go to court, you may lose the case. If you lose, the court can order that your wages, money, or property be taken to pay this claim.
- Bring witnesses, receipts, and any evidence you need to prove your case.
- Read this form and all pages attached to understand the claim against you and to protect your rights.

Aviso al Demandado:
- Usted es el Demandado si su nombre figura en 2 de la página 2 de este formulario, o en el formulario SC-100A. La persona que lo demanda es el Demandante, la que figura en 1 de la página 2.
- Usted y el Demandante tienen que presentarse en la corte en la fecha del juicio indicada a continuación. Si no se presenta, puede perder el caso. Si pierde el caso, la corte podría ordenar que le quiten de su sueldo, dinero u otros bienes para pagar este reclamo.
- Lleve testigos, recibos y cualquier otra prueba que necesite para probar su caso.
- Lea este formulario y todas las páginas adjuntas para entender la demanda en su contra y para proteger sus derechos.

Order to Go to Court:
The people in 1 and 2 must attend court: (Clerk fills out section below.)

Trial Date
1. FEB 27 2026 1:30 PM 506 5TH FL
2.
3.
Date: JAN 09 2026 Clerk, by CASSANDRA VASQUEZ, Deputy

Instructions for the person suing:
Do not use this form to recover COVID-19 rental debt, which is unpaid rent or other financial obligations under a tenancy due between March 1, 2020, and September 30, 2021. (See Code of Civil Procedure, §1179.02.) To recover COVID-19 rental debt, use form SC-500, Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court.
- You are the plaintiff. The person you are suing is the defendant.
- Before you fill out this form, read form SC-100-INFO, Information for the Plaintiff, to know your rights. You can get form SC-100-INFO at any courthouse or county law library, or go to www.courts.ca.gov/forms.
- Fill out pages 2, 3, and 4 of this form. Make copies of all the pages of this form and any attachments—one for each party named in this case and an extra copy for yourself. Take or mail the original and the copies to the court clerk's office and pay the filing fee. The clerk will write the date of your trial in the box above. Your court may allow electronic filing. Check your local court website for information: www.courts.ca.gov/find-my-court.htm.
- You must have someone at least 18—not you or anyone else listed in this case—give each defendant a court-stamped copy of all pages of this form and any pages this form tells you to attach. There are special rules for "serving," or delivering, this form to public entities, associations, and some businesses. See forms SC-104, SC-104B, and SC-104C.
- Go to court on your trial date listed above. Bring witnesses, receipts, and any evidence you need to prove your case.

Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court
SC-100, Page 1 of 6

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Plaintiff (list names):
Case Number:

1 The plaintiff (the person, business, or public entity that is suing) is:
Name: David Matthew Carswell
Phone: 415-359-5588
Street address: 888 - 7th Street Apt. 141
San Francisco CA 94107
Street City State Zip
Mailing address (if different):
Street City State Zip
Email address (if available):

If more than one plaintiff, list next plaintiff here:
Name:
Phone:
Street address:
Street City State Zip
Mailing address (if different):
Street City State Zip
Email address (if available):

☐ Check here if more than two plaintiffs and attach form SC-100A.
☐ Check here if either plaintiff listed above is doing business under a fictitious name and attach form SC-103.
☐ Check here if any plaintiff is a "licensee" or "deferred deposit originator" (payday lender) under Financial Code sections 23000 et seq.

2 The defendant (the person, business, or public entity being sued) is:
Name: Christopher Patrick Oneal
Phone: 415-566-0122
Street address: 1235 - 31st Street
San Francisco CA 94122
Street City State Zip
Mailing address (if different):
Street City State Zip
If the defendant is a corporation, limited liability company, or public entity, list the person or agent authorized for service of process here:
Name: Job title, if known:
Address:
Street City State Zip
☐ Check here if your case is against more than one defendant and attach form SC-100A.
☐ Check here if any defendant is on active military duty and write defendant's name here:

3 The plaintiff claims the defendant owes $1,800.00. (Explain below and on next page.)
(Note: A claim for COVID-19 rental debt cannot be made on this form. Use form SC-500, Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court (COVID-19 Rental Debt).)
a. Why does the defendant owe the plaintiff money?
See declaration 1-2

Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court SC-100, Page 2 of 6

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Plaintiff (list names):

Case Number:

3 b. When did this happen? (Date): If no specific date, give the time period: Date started: 21 May 2023 Through: 1 August 2023

c. How did you calculate the money owed to you? (Do not include court costs or fees for service.) I calculated the cost by searching online for used prices for items to be replaced. I searched for items with exact specifications to the items damaged. For my partner's remains I used the cost of the cremation and placement in urn. The money borrowed from friend's I calculated by going over the costs of hotels and expenses per their bank account records. The money is likely less as not all were from bank when cash was given. Cash was excluded from total.

Check here if you need more space. Attach one sheet of paper or form MC-031 and write "SC-100, Item 3" at the top.

4 You must ask the defendant (in person, in writing, or by phone) to pay you before you sue. If your claim is for possession of property, you must ask the defendant to give you the property. Have you done this?
Yes No If no, explain why not:

5 Why are you filing your claim at this courthouse? This courthouse covers the area (check the one that applies):
a. (1) Where the defendant lives or does business. (2) Where the plaintiff's property was damaged. (3) Where the plaintiff was injured.
b. Where the buyer or lessee signed the contract, lives now, or lived when the contract was made, if this claim is about an offer or contract for personal, family, or household goods, services, or loans. (Code Civ. Proc., § 395(b).)
c. Where the buyer signed the contract, lives now, or lived when the contract was made, if this claim is about a retail installment contract (like a credit card). (Civ. Code, § 1812.10.)
d. Where the buyer signed the contract, lives now, or lived when the contract was made, or where the vehicle is permanently garaged, if this claim is about a vehicle finance sale. (Civ. Code, § 2984.4.)
e. Other (specify):

6 List the zip code of the place checked in (5) above (if you know): 94122

7 Is your claim about an attorney-client fee dispute? Yes No If yes, and if you have had arbitration, fill out form SC-101, attach it to this form, and check here:

8 Are you suing a public entity? Yes No If yes, you must file a written claim with the entity first. A claim was filed on (date): If the public entity denies your claim or does not answer within the time allowed by law, you can file this form.

Rev. January 1, 2024
Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court SC-100, Page 3 of 6

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Plaintiff (list names):

--- PAGE BREAK ---

SC-100 Information for the defendant (the person being sued)

"Small claims court" is a special court where claims for $12,500 or less are decided. Individuals, including "natural persons" and sole proprietors, may claim up to $12,500. Corporations, partnerships, public entities, and other businesses are limited to claims of $6,250. (See below for exceptions.) The process is quick and cheap. The rules are simple and informal. You are the defendant—the person being sued. The person who is suing you is the plaintiff.

Do I need a lawyer? You may talk to a lawyer before or after the case. But you may not have a lawyer represent you in court (unless this is an appeal from a small claims case).

How do I get ready for court? You don't have to file any papers before your trial, unless you think this is the wrong court for your case. But bring to your trial any witnesses, receipts, and evidence that support your case. And read "Be Prepared for Your Trial" at www.courts.ca.gov/smallclaims/prepare.

What if I need an accommodation? If you have a disability or are hearing impaired, fill out form MC-410, Disability Accommodation Request. Give the form to your court clerk or the ADA/Access Coordinator.

What if I don't speak English well? Ask the court clerk as soon as possible for a court-provided interpreter. You may use form INT-300, Request for Interpreter (Civil) or a local court form to request an interpreter. If a court interpreter is unavailable for your trial, it may be necessary to reschedule your trial. You cannot bring your own interpreter for the trial unless the interpreter has been approved by the court as a certified, registered, or provisionally qualified interpreter. (See Cal. Rules of Court, rule 2.893, and form INT-140.)

Where can I get the court forms I need? Go to any courthouse or your county law library, or print forms at www.courts.ca.gov/forms.

What happens at the trial? The judge will listen to both sides. The judge may make a decision at your trial or mail the decision to you later.

What if I lose the case? If you lose, you may appeal. You'll have to pay a fee. (Plaintiffs cannot appeal their own claims.)
- If you were at the trial, file form SC-140, Notice of Appeal. You must file within 30 days after the clerk hands or mails you the judge's decision (judgment) on form SC-200 or form SC-130, Notice of Entry of Judgment.
- If you were not at the trial, fill out and file form SC-135, Notice of Motion to Vacate Judgment and Declaration, to ask the judge to cancel the judgment (decision). If the judge does not give you a new trial, you have 10 days to appeal the decision. File form SC-140.

For more information on appeals, see www.courts.ca.gov/ smallclaims/appeals.

Do I have options? Yes. If you are being sued you can:
- Settle your case before the trial. If you and the plaintiff agree on how to settle the case before the trial, the plaintiff must file form CIV-110, Request for Dismissal or a written and signed settlement agreement with the clerk. Ask the Small Claims Advisor for help.

* Exceptions: Different limits apply in an action against a defendant who is a guarantor. (See Code Civ. Proc., § 116.220(c).) Limits do not apply in an action to recover COVID-19 rental debt. (See Code Civ. Proc., §§ 116.223 & 1179.02; form SC-500.)

Prove this is the wrong court. Send a letter to the court before your trial explaining why you think this is the wrong court. Ask the court to dismiss the claim. You must serve (give) a copy of your letter (by mail or in person) to all parties. (Your letter to the court must say you have done so.)

Go to the trial and try to win your case. Bring witnesses, receipts, and any evidence you need to prove your case. To have the court order a witness to go to the trial, fill out form SC-107, Small Claims Subpoena and Declaration, and have it served on the witness.

Sue the person who is suing you. If you have a claim against the plaintiff, and the claim is appropriate for small claims court as described on this form, you may file Defendant's Claim (form SC-120) and bring the claim in this action. If your claim is for more than allowed in small claims court, you may still file it in small claims court if you give up the amount over the small claims value amount, or you may file a claim for the full value of the claim in the appropriate court. If your claim is for more than allowed in small claims court and relates to the same contract, transaction, matter, or event that is the subject of the plaintiff's claim, you may file your claim in the appropriate court and file a motion to transfer the plaintiff's claim to that court to resolve both matters together. You can see a description of the amounts allowed in the paragraph above, titled "Small Claims Court."

Agree with the plaintiff's claim and pay the money. Or, if you can't pay the money now, go to your trial and say you want to make payments.

Let the case "default." If you don't settle and do not go to the trial (default), the judge may give the plaintiff what he or she is asking for plus court costs. If this happens, the plaintiff can legally take your money, wages, and property to pay the judgment.

What if I need more time? You can change the trial date if:
- You cannot go to court on the scheduled date (you will have to pay a fee to postpone the trial), or
- You did not get served (receive this order to go to court) at least 15 days before the trial (or 20 days if you live outside the county).

Ask the Small Claims Clerk about the rules and fees for postponing a trial. Or fill out form SC-150 (or write a letter) and mail it to the court and to all other people listed on your court papers before the deadline. Enclose a check for your court fees, unless a fee waiver was granted.

Need help? Your county's Small Claims Advisor can help for free.

Or go to www.courts.ca.gov/smallclaims/advisor.

Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court SC-100, Page 5 of 6

--- PAGE BREAK ---

This is a page from a San Francisco small claims court document. Extract all text exactly as it appears. Include party names, dates, claim amounts, rulings, and any other information on the page. Output plain text only.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

On April 1st 2022 my partner of 11 years passed away in my arms. This loss completely destroyed me.
At the time I was living in an in-law in Berkeley and my landlady allowed me to stay paying a third of the rent.
After about a year there was a fire in the front house where the landlady lived and she had to stay in a hotel until repairs were done. I had expressed my concern and guilt of living in the in-law while she was unable to live in her home to Chris. Chris said if I left so the landlady could move into the in-law he would let me move into his spare bedroom and help me move. I agreed and shortly moved most of my stuff to Chris' place on May 21st 2023. I then had to return to the in-law and spent the next few days cleaning and getting rid of the the remaining things that did not go to Chris'. It was during the next five days I found out that Chris had stolen all of my belongings and put them into storage without my permission. He had decided I was not going to live there because according to him I had to much stuff... I was now homeless. Struggling day by day trying to find a place to sleep, food to eat, keep my phone from being turned off. I borrowed a lot of money from friends and was given hotel rooms to stay in payed for by friends.

A few weeks later Chris had asked me to come by to discuss the situation. I went by Chris' where he offered me the room yet again - and at this time I asked him where my partner's ashes were when he told me he had disposed of his ashes at Land's End... I left immediately in anger as I was unable to face him. I do not believe he put the ashes in Land's End but rather believe he tossed my partner in the trash.

A week after I learned that I had gotten a housing situation with HUD. I was able to move in a month later.
This was when I received my stuff out of the storage unit. Chris had stopped paying for the unit and was lucky to get my stuff out. I am asking for compensation for items damaged by Chris from when he moved my items without permission into a storage unit. And for the desecration of my partners ashes. I have no place to visit my partners remains to mourn and have to tell his inquiring family of the situation. The prices are for replacement of items which use fair value according to used condition when applicable. And compensation for money borrowed so I can pay back my friends during the time I was homeless. The damages are as follows:

Chris told me to leave my bed. He said I could have the bed that was in the spare bedroom.

I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that the foregoing is true and correct.

Date: 8 January 2026

David M. Carswell
(SIGNATURE OF DECLARANT)

Attorney for Plaintiff Petitioner Defendant
Respondent Other (Specify):

--- PAGE BREAK ---

MC-031

PLAINTIFF/PETITIONER: David M. Carswell
DEFENDANT/RESPONDENT: Christopher P. O'Neal
CASE NUMBER: CSW-26-871026

DECLARATION

(This form must be attached to another form or court paper before it can be filed in court.)

1 bed frame with new mattress and box spring $600
3 broken Hue LED color bulbs $110
MacPro desktop won't boot due to dropping $1500
3 hard drives damaged from dropping $600
MacBookPro damaged from dropping $1200
Apple Cinema Display damaged from dropping $500
2 autographed vinyl albums $300
1 Yamaha Stereo Receiver $800
Set of dishes $200
Money borrowed from friends for housing $2500
Partner's (Martin Pugh) cremated ashes $3500 (cost of cremation and urn)

TOTAL $11,810

I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that the foregoing is true and correct.

Date: 8 January 2026

David M. Carswell
(TYPE OR PRINT NAME)
(SIGNATURE OF DECLARANT)

Attorney for Plaintiff Petitioner Defendant
Respondent Other (Specify):

Form Approved for Optional Use
Judicial Council of California
MC-031 [Rev. July 1, 2005]

ATTACHED DECLARATION
Page 1 of 1