SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA
COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO
400 MCALLISTER STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94102

FILED
Superior Court of California
County of San Francisco
DEC 04 2025
CLERK OF THE COURT
Appellant(s)
BY: Deputy Clerk
Small Claim Case Number
CSM-25-870295
Court Judgment-Small Claims Appeal

AL LEE
RESPONDENT(S)

This cause came on regularly for trial on DEC 3 2025 in Department 305
before the Honorable MARY E. WISS Judge Pro Tem Presiding.
The Appellant appearing Dogwalks Dogcare, Inc. by James Ghilotti Esq., the
Respondent appearing AL Lee, Successor trustee of the Leachney Revocable Trust
and evidence having been introduced, the cause was submitted for decision.

[ ] AFFIRMED [ ] REVERSED

JUDGMENT IS ORDERED in favor of (name) AL LEE
and against (name) Dogwalks Dogcare, Inc.
in the amount of:
$ 1,100.00 PRINCIPAL
$ 160.00 ATTORNEY FEES
$ 160.00 COSTS
$ 1,420.00 TOTAL

TERMS/OTHER ORDERS
Lee attached.

The judgment on appeal is final and replaces the small claims judgment of Sept 25, 2025
Exhibits are ordered returned pursuant to CCP 1952. The case is remanded back to Small Claims Court.

DATED: December 4 2025
JUDGE PRO TEM OF THE SUPERIOR COURT
MARY E. WISS

--- PAGE BREAK ---

This trial de novo came before the court on December 3, 2025. Plaintiff Al Lee ("Lee"), as the Successor Trustee of The Lee Chuey Revocable Trust appeared, self represented (Mr. Lee is an attorney). Defendant Dogwalks Dog Care, Inc. (Dogwalks) appeared by its owner Julia Frink (Frink) represented by Mr. James Ghilotti of Toschi Doyle Houvener & Wellen. The small claims trial resulted in a judgment for Lee. Dogwalks appealed.

Lee is the owner of an apartment building located in San Francisco. Lee rented a parking space to Dogwalks to park its van. Lee claims that on August 9, 2022, a van owned by Dogwalks backed into the garage and struck a large tool box (which Lee describes as a shed) which was then pushed into a storage unit causing damage. Lee claims that he went into the garage and discovered the damages which had not been present before. Lee claims that he located a broken piece of red taillight from the van (photo Exhibit 2 p. 10) on the floor of the garage that matched a missing portion of the van's taillight.

Lee contacted Dogwalks and advised Frink that one of her vans had damaged his property. A series of emails ensued (P's Exhibit 1). Frink responded that she would have to investigate but that the photos sent do not show damage on the van that corresponds wit the damage to the "tank" [sic]. She said she would get back to him and asked for an estimate of the repairs. He responded that he would have to contact a contractor. On August 12, 2022 Lee emailed that he "found a piece of your van s [sic] tail light and it matches the missing piece from the driver side tail light." On August 24, 2022, Frink emailed that the driver "didn't feel she hit it hard enough to cause any damage." (Exhibit 1.) Lee demanded insurance information and threatened to report a hit and run. Frink promptly responded on August 25, 2022 with a copy of the insurance card and advised that she contacted her insurance agent again. (Exhibit 1.)

Nothing happened until 2025. Lee did not obtain a repair estimate until August 2, 2025. The estimate by Mahon Construction (Exhibit D) totals $11,250. The estimate encompasses demolition of the existing "storage shed" replacement of the storage shed (21 feet long, 4 feet deep and 8 feet high), with construction of a new shed with solid core birch face flush, fir sheathing plywood, etc.

State Farm emailed Lee on August 15, 2025 confirming receipt of Lee's estimate and stated that they were reviewing the documents and would reach out to him when they completed their review. (Exhibit 3 p. 7.) Lee testified that he thought that State Farm was trying to lull him in to missing the 3-year statute of limitations for property damage, but in the meantime, he had filed the small claims action on August 7, 2025, two days before expiration of the statute of limitations. There is nothing in the State Farm August 15 email which states anything about the statute of limitations.

Frink claims there was no physical damage to the van, that she inspected the van and did not find any damage, and did not see any broken taillight. Dogwalks disputes the damages claimed by Lee. Additional photographs were produced including page 4 of Exhibit G which is a photograph of the storage unit from the opposite end. It depicts significant damage to the opposite end of the storage unit. Lee testified that a different unknown car hit the opposite end storage unit after the Dogwalks incident. Mahon Construction's estimate was made after that occurred. There is no indication in the Mahon estimate as to which purported collision caused what damage, nor is there any attempt to allocate between the two. Lee claims the storage unit cannot be partially repaired and all repairs are necessary due to the Dogwalks' van striking the tool box.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

MC-025

SHORT TITLE: Al Lee v. Dogwalks Dog Care, Inc.

CASE NUMBER: CSM-25-870295

ATTACHMENT (Number): 1 page 2

(This Attachment may be used with any Judicial Council form.)

Dogwalks introduced a Declaration of Ron Dean who is a Proximity Home and Commercial Claims Specialist for State Farm. (Exhibit F.) Lee objects to this Declaration. The Court sustains the objection to Paragraph 4 and the first sentence of Paragraph 7. Dean estimates the cost to replace four 2x8's and three 1x3's with three hours of labor for a carpenter is about $300. (Exhibit F.)

In argument Lee asked for an award of $11,200. Dogwalks stated the did not contest that the van came into contact with the tool box but disputes the extent and amount of damage claimed by Lee.

Frink stated that her employee did not feel that she hit it hard enough to cause any damage. The Court concludes that there was some contact by the Dogwalks' van with the tool box. It was not proved that the piece of "taillight" was in fact that. The photographs do not show a missing portion of taillight. It is unclear why there would be a missing piece from the side of the car's rear taillight. If the van was backing in, it would have been the black step/bumper which came into contact with the tool box, not the side of the taillight located on the rear driver's side of the van. In addition, there was a tire placed in front of the tool box which would have been the point of contact between the van and the tool box. (Exhibit B.) There is no visible damage to the Dogwalks' van. (Exhibit A.)

The measure of damages for injury to property is either (1) the cost of repair, or (2) the diminution in value of the property whichever is less. Lee's only evidence regarding damages was for replacement of the entire storage unit at a cost of $11,200.00. There were no photographs of how the storage unit appeared before August 9, 2022. The storage unit depicted in the photographs is clearly in a dilapidated and broken-down condition. By the testimony of Lee it is at least close to 60 years old. It shows signs of significant deterioration in its construction and appearance. (Exhibits B, C, 2.) While the support post closest to the wooden tool box appears to be off kilter in Exhibit C, the opposite end of the storage unit depicted on page 4 of Exhibit G shows significant damage. The entire storage unit shows signs of and age deterioration including the front doors of the unit. Dogwalks is not responsible for the cost of construction of an entirely new storage unit. The Court concludes that the appropriate measure of damages is the diminution in value of the storage unit and awards $1,100.00.

Page 1 of 2

(Add pages as required)

Attachment to Judicial Council Form