SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA
COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO
400 MCALLISTER STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94102-4514

SHAUNA DURANT
PLAINTIFF(S)
VS.
SAN FRANCISCO STUDENT HOUSING, L.P.
DEFENDANT(S)

FILED
San Francisco County Superior Court
OCT 15 2025
Case Number: CSM-25-870184
CLERK OF THE COURT
BY:
JUDGMENT

This cause came on regularly for proceeding on 10-9-25 in Department 506 before the
Honorable JOHN M. TRUE, Commissioner/Judge Pro Tem.
Defendant shall pay Plaintiff:

in the amount of:
$ PRINCIPAL $ INTEREST $ COSTS

Terms/other orders

Plaintiff shall pay defendant(s):

in the amount of:
$ PRINCIPAL $ INTEREST $ COSTS

Terms/other orders see attached

Enforcement of the judgment is automatically postponed for 30 days.

Plaintiff testified that defendant is not in the military service of the United States as defined in Section 101 of the Soldiers' and Sailors' Relief Act of 1940, and not entitled to the benefits of the Act.

This judgment results from a motor vehicle accident on a California highway and was caused by the judgment debtor's operation of a motor vehicle. If the judgment is not paid, you may apply to have the judgment debtor's driver's license suspended.

Payments are to be made at the rate of $ per month, beginning on (date):
and on the day of each month thereafter until paid in full. If any payment is missed, the entire balance becomes due immediately.

Submitted on:
10-15-25
10-15-25
COMMISSIONER/JUDGE PRO TEM OF THE SUPERIOR CO

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Shauna Durant
v.
San Francisco Student Housing, LP, Uptown Residences, LLC and Uptown Residences II, LLC
CSM-25-870184

On August 6, 2025, Plaintiff Shauna Durant filed a claim for $10,000.00 arising from the loss of personal belongings – the contents of a room she rented at 875 Post Street – under a lease dated December 20, 2019 which expired by its terms on April 30, 2020. The Property was owned and managed by Defendants.1 In pertinent part, the Lease provides:

48. ABANDONED PERSONAL PROPERTY: State law permits former tenants to reclaim abandoned personal property left at the former address of the tenant, subject to certain conditions. You may or may not be able to reclaim property without incurring additional costs, depending on the cost of storing the property and the length of time before it is reclaimed. In general, these costs will be lower the sooner you contact your former landlord after being notified that property belonging to you was left behind after you moved out.

Ms. Durant vacated the premises in or about mid-April, 2020, prior to the lease termination date, leaving most of her property behind. She testified that she left to return to the East Coast because of impending travel and other restrictions due to the onset of the Covid 19 pandemic. Hoping to be able to return to San Francisco, she made arrangements for the temporary storage of her belongings.

In general, Ms. Durant claims that Defendants agreed to store her property for an indefinite period of time, that none of Defendants' representatives ever notified her that her items were subject to disposal by them and that, to the contrary, assurances were given by persons in apparent authority that her property would be stored until she came for it.

The record reflects that on April 14, 2020, Ms. Durant was informed that “you can store your items in the unit even after the lease ends due to the Covid-19 situation but in case there

--- PAGE BREAK ---

is someone moving into your bed, then I will need a list to bag your items and store them, the maximum we will hold items is one month.”

Six weeks later, on June 1, 2020 she was told “at the moment there are no applicants for your bed so let’s leave everything as is for now until the lockdown has ended.”

Ms. Durant made no further inquiries about her property until well over one year later, on a date shortly before July 17, 2021, when she informed Defendants of her intention to return to San Francisco and collect her belongings. She received an immediate response from an individual who identified herself as the “new manager at 875 Post St.” This individual informed Plaintiff that “Cottage 1 has been leased to a new tenant. We do not have anything stored at the property belonging to previous tenants.”

One day later, plaintiff received an email stating:

I did not make any agreement with you and we do not have capability to store items after they have been left behind by tenants. I have nothing further to discuss on this matter. I have no information and I have been here since December 30, 2021. You will not be able to look at the apartment as it is occupied by me as the on-site manager. I took possession of the unit empty and all belongings in the unit currently belong to me.

Lisa Jones

Plaintiff’s further attempts to resolve the matter have been unsuccessful.

Ms. Durant does not allege that she paid any money to any of the defendants store her belongings, so her claim in this case rests on the reasonableness of her reliance on the promises she alleges were made for which no consideration was given. In addition to the circumstances summarized above, she points to statements made by San Francisco Student Housing LPS agent, Victoria Cheung, which, she says, led her to believe that Defendants Uptown Residences, LLC and Uptown Residences II, LLC were legally bound to store her belongings in spite of her delay in seeking to recover them.

Having carefully considered the evidence and arguments submitted by the parties, the court concludes that none of the defendants had a duty to preserve plaintiff’s belongings indefinitely. Plaintiff’s reliance on the representations, such as they were, that were made in April and May 2020 was not reasonable given her delay of over a year to act.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

The complaint herein is DENIED in its entirety.