SC-108
Request to Correct or Cancel
Judgment and Answer

Request
This form is used to ask the court to correct or cancel a small claims judgment. You must file this form no later than 30 days after the clerk mailed form SC-130, Notice of Entry of Judgment. Filing this form does not extend the deadline to file an appeal.

If you are the person asking the court to correct or cancel a judgment, fill out 1-5 on this page, then file it at the clerk's office. The clerk will mail a copy of the form to all other plaintiffs and defendants in your case. The court will give the other plaintiffs and defendants at least 10 days to answer this Request. The court will mail its decision to you or tell you to go to a court hearing. If you did not go to the trial, you must use form SC-135, Notice of Motion to Vacate Judgment and Declaration.

If you receive this form, read below, then fill out 6 through 9 on page 2. The court will mail its decision to you or tell you to go to a court hearing.

1 The person asking the court to correct or cancel a judgment:
Name: Terry Park
Address: 731 Robin Rd Buffalo NY 14228
Check one: [] A defendant in this case [] A plaintiff in this case

2 Notice to:
(List names and addresses of all other defendants and plaintiffs in your case.)
Name:
a. Bourmany Kyle Keojampa, MD 1682 Pine St, San Francisco, CA 94109
b. 
c. 
d. 
[] Check here if you need more space. Use form MC-031 or a plain sheet of paper. Write "SC-108, Item 2" on top.

3 I ask the court to (check one):
a. [] Correct the following clerical error in the judgment.
List the error:
Change to:
Explain why this correction is needed:

b. [] Cancel the judgment because the court applied the wrong law to this case. (Explain):
Please see paper

[] Check here if you need more space. Use form MC-031 or a plain sheet of paper. Write "SC-108, Item 3" on top.

4 In making its order, I ask the court to consider the information on this form, any records on file, and, if the court holds a hearing, the evidence presented at that hearing.

5 I declare under penalty of perjury under California state law that the information above and on all attachments is true and correct.
Date: 10/25/2025
Signature: [Signature]

Type or print your name
[Name]

Request to Correct or Cancel Judgment and Answer (Small Claims)
SC-108, Page 1 of 2

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Judge applied the legal criteria for an "informed consent" (medical malpractice) case, not a "consent" case (medical battery). He did not use the "lay standard of materiality" required to be used in a medical battery case (Penny v Shaw, Burchell v Loma Linda) to determine if I consented to "chin shaving" (carving grossly of the chin bone into a V shaped mullet) versus "sliding genioplasty" (repositioning of the chin bone). He instead used only the expert's (defendant) testimony to determine the case, which was that I consented to "chin shaving" because the consent form said "revision genioplasty" (and nothing else) which the defendant himself testified to is a term for a category of procedures, not a specific procedure. Also

The judge misinterpreted the strict legal standards for patient consent (Cobbs v Grant). A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure. A surgeon cannot consent a patient to a category of procedures but to a specific procedure.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

SC-108
Request to Correct or Cancel
Judgment and Answer

Answer
The person listed in 1 on page 1 of this form has asked the court to correct or cancel the judgment in your small claims case. Follow these steps to tell the court what you want to do about this request:
- Read page 1 to see what the person in 1 is asking for.
- Fill out 6-9 below.
- Mail your completed form to the court right away.
- Mail a copy of this form to each plaintiff and defendant listed in 1 and 2 on page 1 of this form.

The court will mail its decision to all plaintiffs and defendants at least 10 days after the Request was mailed. If you do nothing, the court may make the order without hearing from you.

6 The person filing this answer is:
Name:
Address:
Check one: A defendant in this case A plaintiff in this case

7 Tell the court what you want to do about the request.
(Chck all that apply):
a. I agree to the correction requested in 3a.
b. I agree to the cancellation of judgment requested in 3b.
c. I do not agree with the request in 3a. (Explain):

d. I do not agree with the request in 3b. (Explain):

e. I ask the court to have a hearing to decide this matter.
Check here if you need more space. Use form MC-031 or a plain sheet of paper. Write "SC-108, Item 7" on top.

8 I mailed a copy of this form to everyone listed in 1 and 2 of this form on (date):

9 I declare under penalty of perjury under California state law that the information above and on all attachments is true and correct.
Date:

Type or print your name

Sign your name

The clerk fills out below.

Clerk's Certificate of Mailing
I certify that I am not involved in this case and (check one):
A Certificate of Mailing is attached.
The Request to Correct or Cancel Judgment and Answer was mailed first class, postage paid, to all parties at the addresses listed in 2.

On (date): NOV 20 2025
From (city): San Francisco, California
Clerk, by RICARDO CABRERA, Deputy

Request to Correct or Cancel Judgment and Answer (Small Claims)
SC-108, Page 2 of 2
Revised July 1, 2025
Superior Court of California, County of
SMALL CLAIMS
SUPERIOR COURT
400 McAllister, Room 103
SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA 94102

Case Number: CSM-25-870254
Case Name: Park V. Keojampa.