SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA
COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO
400 MCALLISTER STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94102-4514

AMANDA CABRERA
PLAINTIFF(S)
VS.
ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC
DEFENDANT(S)
JUDGMENT

This cause came on regularly for proceeding on 10-2-25 in Department 506 before the Honorable JOHN M. TRUE, Commissioner/Judge Pro Tem.
Defendant shall pay Plaintiff:

in the amount of:
$ 10,596.00 PRINCIPAL $ 0 INTEREST $ 90.00 COSTS
Terms/other orders

Plaintiff shall pay defendant(s):

in the amount of:
$ PRINCIPAL $ INTEREST $ COSTS
Terms/other orders see attached

Enforcement of the judgment is automatically postponed for 30 days.

Plaintiff testified that defendant is not in the military service of the United States as defined in Section 101 of the Soldiers' and Sailors' Relief Act of 1940, and not entitled to the benefits of the Act.
This judgment results from a motor vehicle accident on a California highway and was caused by the judgment debtor's operation of a motor vehicle. If the judgment is not paid, you may apply to have the judgment debtor's driver's license suspended.
Payments are to be made at the rate of $ per month, beginning on (date):
and on the day of each month thereafter until paid in full. If any payment is missed, the entire balance becomes due immediately.

Submitted on: 10-2-2025
Rendered on: 10-9-2025
COMMISSIONER/JUDGE PRO TEM OF THE SUPERIOR COURT JOHN TRUE

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Amanda Cabrera v. Essex Property Trust, Inc.

CSM-25-870310

Background

This matter was heard Thursday, October 2, 2025 at 3:30 pm in Department 506 of the above-entitled court. Plaintiff Amanda Cabrera appeared and testified on her own behalf. Defendant Essex Property Trust (“Essex”) appeared through its representative, Marrisa Hernandez. Both parties introduced documents into the record for the court’s review.

Plaintiff’s claim for $10,596.00 is based on allegations that Essex, and/or its management company, MB360, has negligently failed to secure and control its property located at 1200 4th Street, San Francisco, CA 94158 (“the Property”) thereby breaching the implied warranty of habitability. Plaintiff is a tenant of Essex pursuant to a written Lease Agreement (“Lease”) between the parties. At material times, Plaintiff has occupied Unit 605 on the sixth floor of the Property.

Also before the court are the claims of several other sixth floor tenants:

Ahlawat v. Essex Case No. CSM 25-870311 (claim = $7,000.00)
Ahlawat v. Essex Case No. CSM 25-870312 (claim = $9,000.00)1
Galan v. Essex Case No. CSM 25-870314 (claim = $12,500.00)
Otanes v. Essex Case No. CSM 25-870315 (claim = $12,500.00)
Lee v. Essex Case No. CSM 25-870317 (claim = $12,500.00)

Plaintiff’s Claim

Plaintiff Cabrera, like the other claimants, alleges that Essex breached the warranty of habitability, listing “(1) criminal activity, (2) no visible security presence and (3) management negligence.”

Ms. Cabrera testified to a series of significant security lapses in and around the premises beginning in spring of 2025 and continuing to the present which have exposed her and other tenants to danger to themselves or their property. Until recently, for instance, MB360 failed to provide a security guard at the front desk at the Property entrance or on regular patrol around the perimeters of the property. During this period of time, package lockers have been broken into frequently, and items being delivered to Ms. Cabrera and others have been stolen. The garage door has been broken for material periods of time allowing unmonitored entry onto the premises. Ms. Cabrera testified that she found a large, unsheathed knife in the mail room.

Ms. Cabrera and other sixth floor tenants testified to concerns they had about the behavior

--- PAGE BREAK ---

of the tenants in unit 611 of the Property. Tenants observed numerous unidentified individuals entering and leaving this particular unit at all hours of the day and night. Some were observed carrying large packages, others were seen smoking in the hallways (in violation of house rules), one was seen carrying a knife, and another was photographed with what appeared to be an assault rifle under his jacket. Loud music and other noise and the smell of marijuana often emanated from the unit. Ms. Cabrera and other tenants have conveyed to MB360 their suspicions that the tenants in Unit 611 and/or their guests are engaged in unlawful activities including drug use or sale, theft and prostitution.

Ms. Cabrera complained to MB360 about these and other conditions and demanded a concession with respect to her rent obligation. Her request was denied.

On August 22, 2025 a local media outlet, the San Francisco Standard, published an article describing some of the conditions about which Ms. Cabrera and other tenants were complaining. At or around that time, MB 360 appears to have intensified its efforts to respond to the tenants' complaints by, among other things, enhancing the security presence at the property and commencing legal action in an attempt to remove the tenants in unit 611.

Defendant's Response

Ms. Hernandez testified at the hearing that she and others at MB360 were aware of Ms. Cabrera's concerns (and those of the other tenants) and that management is attempting in good faith to remediate the conditions complained of. In addition, Ms. Hernandez referred the court to Section 40 of the Lease, which addresses "Safety Concerns" as follows:

40. SAFETY CONCERNS
(a) Landlord makes no representations or guarantees to Resident concerning the security of the premises or the Community, including, but not limited to individual units, common areas and mail areas. Landlord is under no obligation to Resident to provide any security measure or take any action not required by statute. The presence of courtesy patrols, patrol cars, access gates, surveillance cameras or other deterrents do not guarantee that crime can or will be prevented. Resident is responsible for planning and taking action with respect to the safety of Resident and their property as if such systems and deterrents did not exist.

(b) Landlord does not accept packages, letters, or other deliveries (collectively "Deliveries") on behalf of Resident. Resident acknowledges that Landlord does not accept any responsibility or liability for any lost, stolen, and/or damaged Deliveries, and Resident agrees to hold Landlord and Landlord's agents harmless from any loss or damage related to any of Resident's Deliveries.

(c) Landlord may install surveillance cameras in some of the common areas of the Property. These cameras may or may not be monitored and the footage recorded by these cameras may or may not be kept by Landlord for any length of time. Landlord may remove such cameras, or install additional cameras,

--- PAGE BREAK ---

(d) Landlord has no obligation to obtain criminal background checks on any existing or future Resident and bears no responsibility or liability related to the criminal background or actions (whether past, present or future) of any person, even if Landlord has actually run a criminal background check on applicants. Resident shall not rely on the fact that Landlord may have run a criminal background check on Resident or any other applicant when deciding whether to enter into this Agreement. Landlord has not made and does not make any representations as to the background of any existing or future Resident.

(e) Resident agrees to report immediately all suspected or actual criminal activity on or near the Property appropriate local law enforcement agencies and, after doing so, to Landlord, and shall provide Landlord with such law enforcement agencies incident report number and incident report upon request.

Conclusion

Plaintiff has established by a preponderance of the evidence that, for a material period of time lasting at least up to the above-described efforts to remediate, the leased premises were rendered effectively uninhabitable. The language of Section 40 of the Lease, quoted above, does not and cannot constitute a waiver of Plaintiff's right to habitable premises. A careful review of the record requires the conclusion that Plaintiff is entitled to damages in the amount set forth.