SC-100
Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER
to Go to Small Claims Court

Notice to the person being sued:
- You are the defendant if your name is listed in (2) on page 2 of this form or on form SC-100A. The person suing you is the plaintiff, listed in (1) on page 2.
- You and the plaintiff must go to court on the trial date listed below. If you do not go to court, you may lose the case. If you lose, the court can order that your wages, money, or property be taken to pay this claim.
- Bring witnesses, receipts, and any evidence you need to prove your case.
- Read this form and all pages attached to understand the claim against you and to protect your rights.

Aviso al Demandado:
- Usted es el Demandado si su nombre figura en (2) de la página 2 de este formulario, o en el formulario SC-100A. La persona que lo demanda es el Demandante, la que figura en (1) de la página 2.
- Usted y el Demandante tienen que presentarse en la corte en la fecha del juicio indicada a continuación. Si no se presenta, puede perder el caso. Si pierde el caso, la corte podría ordenar que le quiten de su sueldo, dinero u otros bienes para pagar este reclamo.
- Lleve testigos, recibos y cualquier otra prueba que necesite para probar su caso.
- Lea este formulario y todas las páginas adjuntas para entender la demanda en su contra y para proteger sus derechos.

Order to Go to Court
The people in (1) and (2) must attend court: (Clerk fills out section below.)

Trial Date
1. APR 27 2026 Time 1300
Department 506
2.
3. MAR 5 2026
Name and address of court, if different from above
RONNIE OTERO
Date: Clerk, by Deputy

Instructions for the person suing:
- You are the plaintiff. The person you are suing is the defendant.
- Before you fill out this form, read form SC-100-INFO, Information for the Plaintiff, to know your rights. You can get form SC-100-INFO at any courthouse or county law library, or go to courts.ca.gov/rules-forms/find-your-court-forms.
- Fill out pages 2, 3, and 4 of this form. Make copies of all the pages of this form and any attachments—one for each party named in this case and an extra copy for yourself. Take or mail the original and the copies to the court clerk's office and pay the filing fee. The clerk will write the date of your trial in the box above. Your court may allow electronic filing. Check your local court website for information: courts.ca.gov/find-my-court.htm.
- You must have someone at least 18—not you or anyone else listed in this case—give each defendant a court-stamped copy of all pages of this form and any pages this form tells you to attach. There are special rules for "serving," or delivering, this form to public entities, associations, and some businesses. See forms SC-104, SC-104B, and SC-104C.
- Go to court on your trial date listed above. Bring witnesses, receipts, and any evidence you need to prove your case.

Clerk stamps date here when form is filed.
F I L E D
San Francisco County Superior Court
MAR - 5 2026
CLERK OF THE COURT
By: Deputy Clerk
Fill in court name and street address:
Superior Court of California, County of
SMALL CLAIMS
SUPERIOR COURT
400 McALLISTER, ROOM 103
SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA 94102
Court fills in case number when form is filed.
Case Number: CSM-26-871274
Case Name: DAIGIAN.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Plaintiff (list names):
Case Number:

1 The plaintiff (the person, business, or public entity that is suing) is:
Name: Adam Daigian
Phone: 4152502780
Street address: 2211 43rd ave
San Francisco
CA 94116
Street
City
State
Zip
Mailing address (if different):
Email address (if available): adam.daigian@gmail.com
If more than one plaintiff, list next plaintiff here:
Name:
Phone:
Street address:
Street
City
State
Zip
Mailing address (if different):
Email address (if available):
Check here if more than two plaintiffs and attach form SC-100A.
Check here if either plaintiff listed above is doing business under a fictitious name and attach form SC-103.
Check here if any plaintiff is a "licensee" or "deferred deposit originator" (payday lender) under Financial Code sections 23000 et seq.

2 The defendant (the person, business, or public entity being sued) is:
Name: Scott Schulman
Phone: (415) 215-3698
Street address: 1424 20th Ave
San Francisco
CA 94122
Street
City
State
Zip
Mailing address (if different):
If the defendant is a corporation, limited liability company, or public entity, list the person or agent authorized for service of process here:
Name:
Job title, if known:
Address:
Street
City
State
Zip
Check here if your case is against more than one defendant and attach form SC-100A.
Check here if any defendant is on active military duty and write defendant's name here:

3 The plaintiff claims the defendant owes $ 9,491.60. (Explain below and on next page.)
a. Why does the defendant owe the plaintiff money?
Defendant installed a lockbox on Plaintiff's property at 1580 Great Hwy without authorization. On 10/6/25, this lockbox was compromised, resulting in unauthorized entry to the condominium garage and theft of Plaintiff's bicycle valued at $9,491.60. Plaintiff seeks $9,491.60 in damages. Defendant, through counsel, has refused to reimburse Plaintiff.

Rev. January 1, 2026
Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court SC-100, Page 2 of 6

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Plaintiff (list names): Case Number:

3 b. When did this happen? (Date): 10/06/2025
If no specific date, give the time period: Date started: Through:

c. How did you calculate the money owed to you? (Do not include court costs or fees for service.)
Current replacement value of items.

4 You must ask the defendant (in person, in writing, or by phone) to pay you before you sue. If your claim is for possession of property, you must ask the defendant to give you the property. Have you done this?
Yes No If no, explain why not:

5 Why are you filing your claim at this courthouse?
This courthouse covers the area (check the one that applies):
a. (1) Where the defendant lives or does business. (4) Where a contract (written or spoken) was made, signed, performed, or broken by the defendant or where the defendant lived or did business when the defendant made the contract.
(2) Where the plaintiff's property was damaged. (3) Where the plaintiff was injured.
b. Where the buyer or lessee signed the contract, lives now, or lived when the contract was made, if this claim, is about an offer or contract for personal, family, or household goods, services, or loans. (Code Civ. Proc., § 395(b).)
c. Where the buyer signed the contract, lives now, or lived when the contract was made, if this claim is about a retail installment contract (like a credit card). (Civ. Code, § 1812.10.)
d. Where the buyer signed the contract, lives now, or lived when the contract was made, or where the vehicle is permanently garaged, if this claim is about a vehicle finance sale. (Civ. Code, § 2984.4.)
e. Other (specify):

6 List the zip code of the place checked in 5 above (if you know): 94122

7 Is your claim about an attorney-client fee dispute? Yes No
If yes, and if you have had arbitration, fill out form SC-101, attach it to this form, and check here:

8 Are you suing a public entity? Yes No
If yes, you must file a written claim with the entity first. A claim was filed on (date):

If the public entity denies your claim or does not answer within the time allowed by law, you can file this form.

Rev. January 1, 2026
Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court SC-100, Page 3 of 6

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Plaintiff (list names):

Case Number:

9 Have you filed more than 12 other small claims within the last 12 months in California?
□ Yes □ No If yes, the filing fee for this case will be higher.

10 Is your claim for more than $2,500? □ Yes □ No
If you answer yes, you also confirm that you have not filed, and you understand that you may not file, more than two small claims cases for more than $2,500 in California during this calendar year.

11 I understand that by filing a claim in small claims court, I have no right to appeal this claim.

I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that the information above and on any attachments to this form is true and correct.

Date: 3/5/26
Adam Daigian
Plaintiff types or prints name here

Date:

Second plaintiff types or prints name here
Second plaintiff signs here

Requests for Accommodations
Assistive listening systems, computer-assisted real-time captioning, or sign language interpreter services are available if you ask at least five days before the trial. For these and other accommodations, contact the clerk's office for form MC-410, Disability Accommodation Request. (Civ. Code, § 54.8.)

Rev. January 1, 2026
Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court SC-100, Page 4 of 6