SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA
COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO
400 MCALLISTER STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94102-4514

KAREN LI
PLAINTIFF(S)
VS.
TRAM LE et al
DEFENDANT(S)

JUDGMENT

This cause came on regularly for proceeding on 10-1-25 in Department 506 before the Honorable JOHN M. TRUE, Commissioner/Judge Pro Tem.

Defendant shall pay Plaintiff:

in the amount of:
$ PRINCIPAL $ INTEREST $ COSTS

Terms/other orders

Plaintiff shall pay defendant(s):

in the amount of:
$ PRINCIPAL $ INTEREST $ COSTS

Terms/other orders see attached

Enforcement of the judgment is automatically postponed for 30 days.

Plaintiff testified that defendant is not in the military service of the United States as defined in Section 101 of the Soldiers' and Sailors' Relief Act of 1940, and not entitled to the benefits of the Act.

This judgment results from a motor vehicle accident on a California highway and was caused by the judgment debtor's operation of a motor vehicle. If the judgment is not paid, you may apply to have the judgment debtor's driver's license suspended.

Payments are to be made at the rate of $ per month, beginning on (date): and on the day of each month thereafter until paid in full. If any payment is missed, the entire balance becomes due immediately.

Submitted on: 10-1-25
Rendered on: 10-3-25
COMMISSIONER/JUDGE PRO TEM OF THE SUPERIOR CO

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Karen Li v. Tram Le, et al

CSM-25-870071

This matter was heard Wednesday, October 1, 2025 at 3:30 pm in Department 506 of the above-entitled court. Plaintiff Karen Li and Defendants Tram Le and Danny Lin each appeared in person and testified under oath. Both sides presented documents for the court's review.

In her amended claim, Plaintiff claims damages totaling $12,500.00 based on allegations of "unpaid rent, unauthorized deductions, withheld deposit, pet-related damages, stolen/missing property and emotional distress resulting from harassment and threatening behavior."

Tran Le was a sub-tenant of Karen Li from early August 2024 until April 2025. There does not appear to have been a written agreement covering the sub-tenancy. The parties dispute whether a security deposit was a condition of the sub-tenancy, and if so, how much of a deposit was supposed to have been made. In any event, no deposit was paid.

The file in this matter reflects the issuance of a Protective Order in favor of Ms. Li issued by the San Francisco Superior Court on June 30, 2025 in connection with another case involving the parties, People v. Le, No. 25-410400. That matter is still pending. Ms. Li expressly disclaims entitlement to damages in this case arising from any conduct by Defendant Le in connection with the allegations in the criminal matter.

The record reflects service of a "Three Day Notice to Quit (For Serious Violations)" dated April 29, 2025 naming Defendant Tran Le. It appears that sub-tenancy ended at or around that date.

Plaintiff produced a "Damages Summary" listing several categories of claims:

1. Her claim for $50.00 due to "disappeared" kitchenware was not substantiated.
2. As to "utilities," Ms. Li admits that she "initially" waived reimbursement for utilities "in good faith under the assumption of normal use," but is now entitled to $2,080.00 for Ms. Le's share for various reasons. No notice to Le of the recission of the "waiver" during the course of the sub-tenancy appears in the record. Damages on this claim are not warranted.
3. Plaintiff also claims $2,635.00 from Defendant Lin for rent due to his occupancy and use of the unit during the subtenancy. She also claims $285.00 from Ms. Le for "underpaid" rent. Plaintiff failed to meet her burden of proof in this regard.
4. "Unpaid shared expenses" are claimed totaling $3,526.00. It appears that the parties had a somewhat informal arrangement for sharing expenses, including

--- PAGE BREAK ---

for travel, restaurant dining and the like. Plaintiff was not able to establish either a breach of defendant's obligation in this regard or an amount of damages to which she would be entitled if a breach were shown.

5. Finally, Ms. Li claims $3,464.00 in emotional distress damages arising from Ms. Le's conduct towards her during the sub-tenancy (including that leading to the criminal charges against Ms. Le referred to above). A review of the evidence as a whole (exclusive of the parties' conduct during the incident leading to the protective order referred to above) reveals a decidedly acrimonious relationship in which both Ms. Li and Ms. Le acted unpleasantly toward each other. The court declines to award Ms. Li emotional distress damages in these circumstances.