Request for Court Order and Answer (Small Claims)

Request

This form is used to ask the court to make an order before or after the trial in a small claims case. The court will notify all plaintiffs and defendants in this case about its decision by mail, at the trial, or at a hearing (depending on when the request is filed).

If you are the person asking the court to make an order, ask the Small Claims Advisor if this is the right form for the kind of order you want. If so, follow these steps:
- Fill out page 1 of this form and file it at the clerk's office.
- If you are making this request before your trial, you must mail (or deliver in person) a copy of this form to all other plaintiffs and defendants in your case. Exception: If the plaintiff's claim has not been served, you do not have to serve this request on the other plaintiffs and defendants in your case.
- If you are making this request after the judge has decided your case, the clerk will mail a copy of this form to all other plaintiffs and defendants in your case. The court will give the other plaintiffs and defendants at least 10 days to answer this Request.

If you receive this form, read below, then fill out 7-10 on page 2.

1 The person asking the court to make an order is:
Name: State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company
Address: P.O. Box 106170; Atlanta, GA 30348
Check one: A defendant in this case A plaintiff in this case Other (explain):

2 Notice to: (List names and addresses of all other defendants and plaintiffs in your case.)
Name Address of Record:
a. Jessica Kennedy P.O. Box 1198; Sacramento, CA 95812

3 I ask the court to make the following order (specify):
To consolidate two related cases so that the hearings will take place on the same date, time, and place to avoid prejudice to defendant. Defendant also requests a 30 day continuance to allow time to assign the matters for handling and prepare the defense contentions. Thank you.

4 I ask for this order because (explain and give facts of your case here):
Plaintiff has filed two separate actions arising from the same set of facts. The hearing on this case is on August 13, 2025, and the related case is set for August 19, 2025 (CSM-25-8700113). Defendant requests that both hearings be moved to September and scheduled for the same date, time, and place. Thank you.

5 In making its order, I ask the court to consider the information on this form, any records on file, and, if the court holds a hearing, the evidence presented at that hearing.

6 I declare under penalty of perjury under California state law that the information above and on all attachments is true and correct.
Date: 7/25/2025 | 12:10:09 PDT
State Farm Mut. Auto. Ins. Co., by Serena Tam
Type or print your name
Sign your name

Judicial Council of California, www.courts.ca.gov Revised January 1, 2007, Optional Form Code of Civil Procedure, §§ 116.130(h); California Rules of Court, rule 3.2107

--- PAGE BREAK ---

SC-112A Proof of Service by Mail

Case Number: CSM-25-870056

See instructions on other side.

This form is attached to the document checked in 2 below.

Server's information

Name: Mary Wallace Phone: 818-543-4000
Street or mailing address: 655 N. Central Avenue; 12th Floor
City: Glendale, CA State: CA Zip Code: 91203

Check here if you are a registered process server, and write:
County where registered: Registration #:

Form or document served

a. Form SC-105, Request for Court Order and Answer
b. Form SC-109, Authorization to Appear
c. Form SC-114, Request to Amend Claim Before Hearing
d. Form SC-133, Judgment Debtor's Statement of Assets
e. Form SC-150, Request to Postpone Trial
f. Form SC-221, Response to Request to Make Payments
g. Other document allowed to be served by mail (specify):

Check here if there is not enough space below to list the document served. List the document on a separate page, and write "SC-112A, Item 2" at the top.

Server's declaration

a. I am 18 or older. I am not a party to this small claims case. I live or work in the county where I did the mailing described below.

b. I placed copies of the document checked in 2 and an unsigned copy of this page in a sealed envelope, addressed as follows:

Check here if there is not enough space below to list all parties served. List their names and addresses on a separate page, and write "SC-112A, Item 3" at the top.

Name of party served Mailing address on the envelope
Jessica Kennedy P.O. Box 1198; Sacramento, CA 95812

c. On (date of mailing): July 28, 2025, I placed each envelope in the mail, with postage paid, at (city and state of mailing): Glendale, CA 91203

I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that the information above is true and correct.

Date: July 28, 2025
Mary Wallace
Type or print server's name
Server signs here

Judicial Council of California, www.courthinfo.ca.gov New July 1, 2010, Optional Form Cal. Rules of Court, rule 3.2107

Proof of Service by Mail (Small Claims)

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Request for Court Order and Answer (Small Claims)

Answer

The person listed in (1) on page 1 of this form has asked the court to make an order in your small claims case.

Follow these steps to tell the court what you want to do about this request:
- Read page 1 to see what the person in (1) is asking for.
- Fill out (7)-(10) below.
- Mail your completed form to the court right away.
- Mail a copy of this form to each plaintiff and defendant listed in (1) and (2) on page 1 of this form.

The court will mail its decision to all plaintiffs and defendants in this case or will make a decision at a court hearing or trial.

If you do nothing, the court may make the order without hearing from you.

(7) The person filing this answer is:

Name:
Address:
Check one: A defendant in this case A plaintiff in this case

(8) Tell the court what you want to do about this request.

(9) I mailed a copy of this form to everyone listed in (1) and (2) of this form on (date):

(10) I declare under penalty of perjury under California state law that the information above and on all attachments is true and correct.

Date:

Type or print your name

Need help?
For free help, contact your county's Small Claims Advisor:

Or, go to "County-Specific Court Information" at www.courthinfo.ca.gov/selfhelp/smallclaims

Clerk stamps date here when form is filed.

Fill in court name and street address:

Superior Court of California, County of San Francisco
400 McAllister Street
San Francisco, CA 94102

Fill in your case number and case name below.

Case Number:
CSM-25-870056
Case Name:
Kennedy v. State Farm, et al.

Sign your name

If the request on page 1 was made after the hearing, the clerk fills out below.

Clerk's Certificate of Mailing

I certify that I am not involved in this case and (check one):
A Certificate of Mailing is attached.
The Request for Court Order and Answer was mailed first class, postage paid, to all parties at the addresses listed in (2).

On (date):

From (city), California

Clerk, by , Deputy

Request for Court Order and Answer (Small Claims)

SC-105, Page 2 of 2