SC-100
Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court

Notice to the person being sued:
- You are the defendant if your name is listed in 2 on page 2 of this form or on form SC-100A. The person suing you is the plaintiff, listed in 1 on page 2.
- You and the plaintiff must go to court on the trial date listed below. If you do not go to court, you may lose the case. If you lose, the court can order that your wages, money, or property be taken to pay this claim.
- Bring witnesses, receipts, and any evidence you need to prove your case.
- Read this form and all pages attached to understand the claim against you and to protect your rights.
- Aviso al Demandado:
- Usted es el Demandado si su nombre figura en 2 de la página 2 de este formulario, o en el formulario SC-100A. La persona que lo demanda es el Demandante, la que figura en 1 de la página 2.
- Usted y el Demandante tienen que presentarse en la corte en la fecha del juicio indicada a continuación. Si no se presenta, puede perder el caso. Si pierde el caso, la corte podría ordenar que le quiten de su sueldo, dinero u otros bienes para pagar este reclamo.
- Lleve testigos, recibos y cualquier otra prueba que necesite para probar su caso.
- Lea este formulario y todas las páginas adjuntas para entender la demanda en su contra y para proteger sus derechos.

Order to Go to Court
The people in 1 and 2 must attend court: (Clerk fills out section below.)

Trial Date
Date: MAR 13 2026
Time: 1:30 PM
Department: 506
Name and address of court, if different from above: 5FT

Instructions for the person suing:
- You are the plaintiff. The person you are suing is the defendant.
- Before you fill out this form, read form SC-100-INFO, Information for the Plaintiff, to know your rights. You can get form SC-100-INFO at any courthouse or county law library, or go to courts.ca.gov/rules-forms/find-your-court-forms.
- Fill out pages 2, 3, and 4 of this form. Make copies of all the pages of this form and any attachments—one for each party named in this case and an extra copy for yourself. Take or mail the original and the copies to the court clerk's office and pay the filing fee. The clerk will write the date of your trial in the box above. Your court may allow electronic filing. Check your local court website for information: courts.ca.gov/find-my-court.htm.
- You must have someone at least 18—not you or anyone else listed in this case—give each defendant a court-stamped copy of all pages of this form and any pages this form tells you to attach. There are special rules for "serving" or delivering this form to public entities, associations, and some businesses. See forms SC-104, SC-104B, and SC-104C.
- Go to court on your trial date listed above. Bring witnesses, receipts, and any evidence you need to prove your case.

Judicial Council of California, courts.ca.gov
Rev. January 1, 2026, Mandatory Form
Code Civ. Proc., §§ 116.110 et seq., 116.220(c), 116.340(g)

Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court
SC-100, Page 1 of 6

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Plaintiff (list names):
Han Lee

1. The plaintiff (the person, business, or public entity that is suing) is:
Name: Han Lee
Phone: 415-314-9870
Street address: 5666 Natoma St
City: San Francisco
State: CA
Zip: 94103
Mailing address (if different):
Email address (if available):

If more than one plaintiff, list next plaintiff here:
Name:
Phone:
Street address:
City:
State:
Zip:
Email address (if available):

Check here if more than two plaintiffs and attach form SC-100A.
Check here if either plaintiff listed above is doing business under a fictitious name and attach form SC-103.
Check here if any plaintiff is a "licensee" or "deferred deposit originator" (payday lender) under Financial Code sections 23000 et seq.

2. The defendant (the person, business, or public entity being sued) is:
Name: The New Wheel, Inc.
Phone: 415-524-7362
Street address: 1031 Valencia St
City: San Francisco
State: CA
Zip: 94103
Mailing address (if different):
Email address (if available):

If the defendant is a corporation, limited liability company, or public entity, list the person or agent authorized for service of process here:
Name: Brett Thurber
Job title, if known: Co-Owner
Address: 1031 Valencia St
City: San Francisco
State: CA
Zip: 94103
Check here if your case is against more than one defendant and attach form SC-100A.
Check here if any defendant is on active military duty and write defendant's name here.

3. The plaintiff claims the defendant owes $12,500. (Explain below and on next page.)
a. Why does the defendant owe the plaintiff money?
see attached supplement A

Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court
SC-100, Page 2 of 6

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Plaintiff (list names): Han Lee

Case Number:

3 b. When did this happen? (Date): If no specific date, give the time period: Date started: 12/03/2025 Through: CURRENT c. How did you calculate the money owed to you? (Do not include court costs or fees for service.) SEE ATTACHED SUPPLEMENT B

Check here if you need more space. Attach one sheet of paper or form MC-031 and write "SC-100, Item 3" at the top.

4 You must ask the defendant (in person, in writing, or by phone) to pay you before you sue. If your claim is for possession of property, you must ask the defendant to give you the property. Have you done this? Yes No If no, explain why not:

5 Why are you filing your claim at this courthouse? This courthouse covers the area (check the one that applies):
a. (1) Where the defendant lives or does business. (2) Where the plaintiff's property was damaged. (3) Where the plaintiff was injured.
b. (1) Where the buyer or lessee signed the contract, lives now, or lived when the contract was made, if this claim is about an offer or contract for personal, family, or household goods, services, or loans. (Code Civ. Proc., § 395(b).)
c. (1) Where the buyer signed the contract, lives now, or lived when the contract was made, if this claim is about a retail installment contract (like a credit card). (Civ. Code, § 1812.10.)
d. (1) Where the buyer signed the contract, lives now, or lived when the contract was made, or where the vehicle is permanently garaged, if this claim is about a vehicle finance sale. (Civ. Code, § 2984.4.)
e. Other (specify):

6 List the zip code of the place checked in 5 above (if you know): 94103

7 Is your claim about an attorney-client fee dispute? Yes No

8 Are you suing a public entity? Yes No

If yes, you must file a written claim with the entity first. A claim was filed on (date): If the public entity denies your claim or does not answer within the time allowed by law, you can file this form.

Rev. January 1, 2026 Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court SC-100, Page 3 of 6

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Plaintiff (list names): Han Lee

Case Number:

9 Have you filed more than 12 other small claims within the last 12 months in California?
□ Yes □ No If yes, the filing fee for this case will be higher.

10 Is your claim for more than $2,500? □ Yes □ No If you answer yes, you also confirm that you have not filed, and you understand that you may not file, more than two small claims cases for more than $2,500 in California during this calendar year.

11 I understand that by filing a claim in small claims court, I have no right to appeal this claim.

I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that the information above and on any attachments to this form is true and correct.

Date: 1/25/2026
Han Lee
Plaintiff types or prints name here
Plaintiff signs here

Date:

Second plaintiff types or prints name here
Second plaintiff signs here

Requests for Accommodations
Assistive listening systems, computer-assisted real-time captioning, or sign language interpreter services are available if you ask at least five days before the trial. For these and other accommodations, contact the clerk's office for form MC-410, Disability Accommodation Request. (Civ. Code, § 54.8.)

Rev. January 1, 2026
Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court
SC-100, Page 4 of 6

--- PAGE BREAK ---

SC-100

Information for the defendant (the person being sued)

"Small claims court" is a special court where claims for $12,500 or less are decided. Individuals, including "natural persons" and sole proprietors, may claim up to $12,500. Corporations, partnerships, public entities, and other businesses are limited to claims of $6,250. (See below for exceptions.) The process is quick and cheap. The rules are simple and informal. You are the defendant—the person being sued. The person who is suing you is the plaintiff.

Do I need a lawyer? You may talk to a lawyer before or after the case. But you may not have a lawyer represent you in court (unless this is an appeal from a small claims case).

How do I get ready for court? You don't have to file any papers before your trial, unless you think this is the wrong court for your case. But bring to your trial any witnesses, receipts, and evidence that support your case. And read "How to prepare for your trial (court date)" at selfhelp.courts.ca.gov/small-claims/trial.

What if I need an accommodation? If you have a disability or are hearing impaired, fill out form MC-410, Disability Accommodation Request. Give the form to your court clerk or the ADA/Access Coordinator.

What if I don't speak English well? Ask the court clerk as soon as possible for a court-provided interpreter. You may use form INT-300, Request for Interpreter (Civil) or a local court form to request an interpreter. If a court interpreter is unavailable for your trial, it may be necessary to reschedule your trial. You cannot bring your own interpreter for the trial unless the interpreter has been approved by the court as a certified, registered, or provisionally qualified interpreter. (See Cal. Rules of Court, rule 2.893, and form INT-140.)

Where can I get the court forms I need? Go to any courthouse or your county law library, or print forms at selfhelp.courts.ca.gov/small-claims-forms.

What happens at the trial? The judge will listen to both sides. The judge may make a decision at your trial or mail the decision to you later.

What if I lose the case? If you lose, you may appeal. You'll have to pay a fee. (Plaintiffs cannot appeal their own claims.)
- If you were at the trial, file form SC-140, Notice of Appeal. You must file within 30 days after the clerk hands or mails you the judge's decision (judgment) on form SC-200 or form SC-130, Notice of Entry of Judgment.
- If you were not at the trial, fill out and file form SC-135, Notice of Motion to Vacate Judgment and Declaration, to ask the judge to cancel the judgment (decision). If the judge does not give you a new trial, you have 10 days to appeal the decision. File form SC-140.

For more information on appeals, see selfhelp.courts.ca.gov/small-claims/after-trial/small-claims-appeals.

Do I have options? Yes. If you are being sued you can:
- Settle your case before the trial. If you and the plaintiff agree on how to settle the case before the trial, the plaintiff must file form CIV-110, Request for Dismissal or a written and signed settlement agreement with the clerk. Ask the Small Claims Advisor for help.

SC-100, Page 5 of 6

Rev. January 1, 2026

Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court

--- PAGE BREAK ---

SC-100

Información para el demandado (la persona demandada)

La "Corte de reclamos menores" es una corte especial donde se deciden casos por $12,500 o menos. Los individuos, o sea las "personas físicas" y los propietarios por cuenta propia, pueden reclamar hasta $12,500. Las corporaciones, asociaciones, entidades públicas y otras empresas solo pueden reclamar hasta $6,250. (Vea abajo para las excepciones.*) El proceso es rápido y económico. Las reglas son sencillas e informales. Usted es el Demandado—la persona que se está demandando. La persona que lo está demandando es el Demandante.

¿Necesito un abogado? Puede hablar con un abogado antes o después del caso. Pero no puede tener a un abogado que lo represente ante la corte (a menos que se trate de una apelación de un caso de reclamos menores).

¿Cómo me preparo para ir a la corte? No tiene que presentar ningún documento antes del juicio, a menos que piense que ésta es la corte equivocada. Pero llave al juicio cualquier testigos, recibos y pruebas que apoyen su caso. Y lea "Cómo prepararse para su juicio" en selfhelp.courts.ca.gov/es/reclamos-menores/juicio.

¿Qué hago si necesito una modificación? Si tiene una discapacidad o tiene impedimentos de audición, llene el formulario MC-410, Solicitud de modificaciones para discapacidad. Entregue el formulario al secretario de la corte o al Coordinador de Acceso/ADA de su corte.

¿Qué pasa si no hablo bien inglés? Solicite un intérprete al secretario de la corte lo más pronto posible. Puede usar el formulario INT-300 o un formulario de su corte local. Si no está disponible un intérprete para su juicio, es posible que se tenga que cambiar la fecha de su juicio. No puede llevar su propio intérprete para el juicio a menos que el intérprete haya sido aprobado por la corte como un intérprete certificado, registrado, o provisionalmente calificado. (Vea la regla 2.893 de las Reglas de la Corte de California, y el formulario INT-140.)

¿Dónde puedo obtener los formularios de la corte que necesito? Vaya a cualquier edificio de la corte, la biblioteca legal de su condado, o imprima los formularios en selfhelp.courts.ca.gov/es/formularios-de-reclamos-menores.

¿Qué pasa en el juicio? El juez escuchará a ambas partes. El juez puede tomar su decisión durante la audiencia o enviársela por correo después.

¿Qué pasa si pierdo el caso? Si pierde, puede apelar. Tendrá que pagar una cuota. (El Demandante no puede apelar su propio reclamo.)

Si estuvo presente en el juicio, llene el formulario SC-140, Aviso de apelación (Notice of Appeal). Tiene que presentarlo dentro de 30 días después de que el secretario le envíe la decisión (fallo) del juez en el formulario SC-200 o SC-130, Aviso de publicación del fallo (Notice of Entry of Judgment).

Si no estuvo en el juicio, llene y presente el formulario SC-135, Aviso de petición para anular el fallo y Declaración para pedirle al juez que anule el fallo (decision). Si la corte no le otorga un nuevo juicio, tiene 10 días para apelar la decisión. Presente el formulario SC-140.

Para obtener más información sobre las apelaciones, vea selfhelp.courts.ca.gov/es/reclamos-menores/después-del-juicio/ apelaciones-de-reclamos-menores.

¿Tengo otras opciones? Sí. Si lo están demandando, puede:

• Resolver su caso antes del juicio. Si usted y el Demandante se ponen de acuerdo en cómo resolver el caso antes del juicio, el Demandante tiene que presentar el formulario CIV-110 Solicitud de desestimación (Request for Dismissal) o un acuerdo de resolución escrito y firmado al secretario de la corte. Pídale al Asesor de Reclamos Menores que lo ayude.

¿Necesita ayuda? El Asesor de Reclamos Menores de su condado le puede ayudar sin cargo.

O visite selfhelp.courts.ca.gov/es/asesor-de-reclamos-menores.

* Excepciones: Existen diferentes límites en un reclamo contra un garante. (Vea el Código de Procedimiento Civil, sección 116.220 (c).)

Reclamo del Demandante y ORDEN Para Ir a la Corte de Reclamos Menores

SC-100, Page 6 of 6

For your protection and privacy, please press the Clear button after you have printed the form.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

SUPPLEMENT A

1. The Plaintiff and the Defendant entered into an agreement where Mr. Lee trades in his bike for a fair valuation + $600 promotional bonus provided by the merchant + $1,000 voucher that the Plaintiff received as a subsidy from the State + the rest, if any, on APR-free 12 month financing for a new bike quoted in the invoice.

2. The Defendant, then later, refused to honor the deal by changing various aspects deals and reneging previously made promises over the phone and email.
- Specifically, The New Wheel provided a drastically low trade-in offer ($950) caused by their own failure to submit the correct bike specifications and upgrades to the valuer.
- Additionally, NW retracted a verbally confirmed $600 promotional credit and utilizes potentially non-compliant language regarding third-party financing.

3. The Defendant also refused to settle this issue on two separate amicable settlement offers, forcing the Plaintiff to file this claim.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

SUPPLEMENT B

The Damage Calculation

The Defendant was given two separate, amicable, and reasonable opportunities to avoid the small claims suit by the Plaintiff,

On December 13, 2025: The Plaintiff initially tried to resolve the issue directly by emailing them to honor the $600 trade-in bonus credit (instead of the Defendant's lowered $300, a total difference of $300), and said he would not send a demand letter. The Defendant rejected due to seeing the offer as potentially litigious "threat."

On January 16, 2026: To resolve these issues without litigation, the Defendant was given two options via the attached Demand Letter by the Plaintiff's counsel, Parker Stanbury LP. The Defendant was offered two following options to settle.

Either:
1. Fully fulfill Order B141665 by delivering the promised bike without additional payment required from the Plaintiff OR
2. Pay $10,000 which consists of:
1. Current retail MSRP of the bike, lowest available on the internet: $3257.00
2. Promised trade-in bonus credit in cash: $600.00
3. Cash value of the redeemed voucher: $100.00
4. Shipping cost of the bike for trade in to the Defendant's shop: $120

--- PAGE BREAK ---

5. Punitive damages from egregious actions (usually 10x the aforementioned damages 2.1-2.4, but capped at the the small claims limit: $5,923

The Defendant rejected due to "customer behaviors" (See attached).

3. Today, Mr. Lee is demanding a total settlement of $12,500. This figure is calculated based on:
1. Current retail MSRP of the bike, lowest available on the internet: $3257.00
2. Promised trade-in bonus credit in cash: $600.00
3. Cash value of the redeemed voucher: $100.00
4. Shipping cost of the bike for trade in to the Defendant's shop: $120
5. Damages for breach, non-disclosure, and bad faith practices from the Defendant's egregious actions (usually 10x the aforementioned damages 2.1-2.4, but capped at the the small claims limit: $8,423* (SEE BELOW)

* We define the damages are substantiated from the following statutes:
A. The Defendant is subjected to California Business and Professions Code §17200 where it prohibits any "unlawful, unfair or fraudulent business act or practice..." which allows restoration of money or property acquired improperly (Fletcher v. Security Pac. Nat'l Bank (1979) 23 Cal. 3d 442, 451).
B. If fraud is proven by "clear and convincing" evidence (California Civil Code §3294(a)), in addition to prejudgment interest on damages (California Civil Code §3288; Alliance Mortgage Company v. Rothwell (1995) (quoting Nordahl v.Department of Real Estate (1975) 48 Cal.App.3d 657, 665)).

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Pursuant to California Civil Code §1709, one who willfully deceives another with intent to induce him or her to alter his or her position to his or her injury or risk is liable for any damages which he thereby suffers.

C. Furthermore, pursuant to California Civil Code §1572 et seq., fraud may otherwise be accomplished by committing a party to a contract, or with his or her connivance, with intent to deceive another party or induce him or her to enter in a contract by a falsehood, or omission of such fact that a reasonable person would consider material in making the decision to accept an agreement.

D. However, in the alternative to any contract issue, pursuant to California Civil Code §1708, every person is bound, without contract to abstain from injuring the person or property of another, or infringing upon any his or her rights.

E. California Business and Professions Code 17500 BPC is the California statute that defines the crime of false advertising. Under this code section, false or deceptive advertising is when a person or company makes false or misleading statements to consumers about the nature of a product or service.

F. In every contract there is an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing by each party not to do anything which will deprive the other parties of the benefit of the contract. Sutherland v. Barclays American/Mortgage Corp., 53 Cal. App. 4th 299, 314, 61 Cal. Rptr. 2d 614 (1997). A party to a contract breaches the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing by interfering with or failing to cooperate with the plaintiff in the performance of the contract.