SC-130

INFORMATION AFTER JUDGMENT

INFORMACION DESPUES DEL FALLO DE LA CORTE

Your small claims case has been decided. The judgment or decision of the court appears on the front of this sheet. The court may have ordered one party to pay money to the other party. The person (or business) who won the case and who can collect the money is called the judgment creditor. The person (or business) who lost the case and who owes the money is called the judgment debtor.

Enforcement of the judgment is postponed until the time for appeal ends or until the appeal is decided. This means that the judgment creditor cannot collect any money or take any action until this period is over. Generally, both parties may be represented by lawyers after judgment.

IF YOU LOST THE CASE . . .

1. If you lost the case on your own claim and the court did not award you any money, the court's decision on your claim is FINAL. You may not appeal your own claim.

2. If you lost the case and the court ordered you to pay money, your money and property may be taken to pay the claim unless you do one of the following things:

a. PAY THE JUDGMENT

The law requires you to pay the amount of the judgment. You may pay the judgment creditor directly, or pay the judgment to the court for an additional fee. You may also ask the court to order monthly payments you can afford.

Ask the clerk for information about these procedures.

b. APPEAL

If you disagree with the court's decision, you may appeal the decision on the other party's claim. You may not appeal the decision on your own claim. However, if any party appeals, there will be a new trial on all the claims. If you appeared at the trial, you must begin your appeal by filing a form called a Notice of Appeal (form SC-140) and pay the required fees within 30 days after the date this Notice of Entry of Judgment was mailed or handed to you. Your appeal will be in the superior court. You will have a new trial and you must present your evidence again. You may be represented by a lawyer.

c. VACATE OR CANCEL THE JUDGMENT

If you did not go to the trial, you may ask the court to vacate or cancel the judgment. To make this request, you must file a Motion to Vacate the Judgment (form SC-135) and pay the required fee within 30 days after the date this Notice of Entry of Judgment was mailed. If your request is denied, you then have 10 days from the date the notice of denial was mailed to file an appeal. The period to file the Motion to Vacate the Judgment is 180 days if you were not properly served with the claim. The 180-day period begins on the date you found out or should have found out about the judgment against you.

IF YOU WON THE CASE . . .

1. If you were sued by the other party and you won the case, then the other party may not appeal the court's decision. If you won the case and the court awarded you money, here are some steps you may take to collect your money or get possession of your property:

a. COLLECTING FEES AND INTEREST

Sometimes fees are charged for filing court papers or for serving the judgment debtor. These extra costs can become part of your original judgment. To claim these fees, ask the clerk for a Memorandum of Costs.

NOTICE TO THE PARTY WHO WON:

As soon as you have been paid in full, you must fill out the form below and mail it to the court immediately or you may be fined. If an Abstract of Judgment has been recorded, you must use another form; see the clerk for the proper form.

SMALL CLAIMS CASE NO.: 2570193

ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF SATISFACTION OF JUDGMENT (Do not use this form if an Abstract of Judgment has been recorded.)

To the Clerk of the Court:

I am the judgment creditor assignee of record.

I agree that the judgment in this action has been paid in full or otherwise satisfied.

Date:

William Wertz

(TYPE OR PRINT NAME)

SIGNATURE)

NOTICE OF ENTRY OF JUDGMENT

(Small Claims)