FILED BY FAX
CIV-110

ATTORNEY OR PARTY WITHOUT ATTORNEY
NAME: Kilan Rai
FIRM NAME:
STREET ADDRESS: 453-31st Ave., Apt. #6
CITY: San Francisco
STATE: CA
ZIP CODE: 94121
FAX NO.: 94121
EMAIL ADDRESS: kilanrai@yahoo.com
ATTORNEY FOR (name):

SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA, COUNTY OF
STREET ADDRESS: Superior Court of California, 400 McAllister Street
MAILING ADDRESS: 400 McAllister Street, Room 103
CITY AND ZIP CODE: San Francisco, CA 94102
BRANCH NAME: County of San Francisco

PLAINTIFF/PETITIONER: Kilan Rai
DEFENDANT/RESPONDENT: Coinbase, Inc.

REQUEST FOR DISMISSAL
CASE NUMBER: CSM-25-870344

A conformed copy will not be returned by the clerk unless a method of return is provided with the document.

This form may not be used for dismissal of a derivative action or a class action or of any party or cause of action in a class action. (Cal. Rules of Court, rules 3.760 and 3.770.)

1. TO THE CLERK: Please dismiss this action as follows:
a. (1) With prejudice (2) Without prejudice (3) Without prejudice and with the court retaining jurisdiction (Code Civ. Proc., § 664.6)
b. (1) Complaint (2) Petition (3) Cross-complaint filed on (date): (4) Cross-complaint filed on (date): (5) Entire action of all parties and all causes of action (6) Other (specify)*:

2. (Complete in all cases except family law cases.)
The court did did not waive court fees and costs for a party in this case. (This information may be obtained from the clerk. If court fees and costs were waived, the declaration on the back of this form must be completed.)

Date: November 24, 2025
Kilan Rai & Connor Kosnik, Litigation Paralegal, c/o Coinbase, Inc.
(TYPE OR PRINT NAME OF ATTORNEY PARTY WITHOUT ATTORNEY)
* If dismissal requested is of specified parties only, of specified causes of action only, or of specified cross-complaints only, so state and identify the parties, causes of action, or cross-complaints to be dismissed

3. TO THE CLERK: Consent to the above dismissal is hereby given.†
Date:

(TYPE OR PRINT NAME OF ATTORNEY PARTY WITHOUT ATTORNEY)
† If item 1a(3) is checked, all parties must sign.
If a cross-complaint—or Response—Marriage/Domestic Partnership (form FL-120) seeking affirmative relief—is on file, the attorney for cross-complainant (respondent) must sign this consent if required by Code of Civil Procedure section 581(i) or (j).

Check here and use form MC-025 or a separate page for additional signatures. Include date, printed name, and party information.

4. Dismissal entered as requested on (date): DEC 04 2025
5. Dismissal entered on (date): DEC 04 2025 as to only (name):
6. Dismissal not entered as requested for the following reasons (specify):

7. a. Attorney or party without attorney notified on (date): DEC 04 2025
b. Attorney or party without attorney not notified. Filing party failed to provide a copy to be conformed means to return conformed copy
Date: DEC 04 2025
Clerk, by Cassandra Vasquez, Deputy
Page 1 of 2

REQUEST FOR DISMISSAL
Code of Civil Procedure, § 581 et seq.; Government Code, § 68637(c); Cal. Rules of Court, rule 3.1390
www.courts.ca.gov

--- PAGE BREAK ---

CIV-110

PLAINTIFF/PETITIONER:
DEFENDANT/RESPONDENT:
CASE NUMBER:

COURT'S RECOVERY OF WAIVED COURT FEES AND COSTS

If a party whose court fees and costs were initially waived has recovered or will recover $10,000 or more in value by way of settlement, compromise, arbitration award, mediation settlement, or other means, the court has a statutory lien on that recovery. The court may refuse to dismiss the case until the lien is satisfied. (Gov. Code, § 68637.)

Declaration Concerning Waived Court Fees

1. The court waived court fees and costs in this action for (name):

2. The person named in item 1 is (check one below)
   a. not recovering anything of value by this action.
   b. recovering less than $10,000 in value by this action.
   c. recovering $10,000 or more in value by this action. (If item 2c is checked, item 3 must be completed.)

3. All court fees and court costs that were waived in this action have been paid to the court (check one): Yes No

I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that the information above is true and correct.

Date:

(TYPE OR PRINT NAME OF ATTORNEY PARTY MAKING DECLARATION)

(SIGNATURE)

CIV-110 [Rev. January 1, 2025] REQUEST FOR DISMISSAL

For your protection and privacy, please press the Clear This Form button after you have printed the form.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Certificate Of Completion
Envelope Id: 35B24B3B-3F95-46C8-A86D-9326456201D9
Status: Completed
Subject: Complete with Docusign: Kilan_W9.pdf, civ110.pdf
Source Envelope:
Document Pages: 8
Certificate Pages: 5
AutoNav: Enabled
Enveloped Stamping: Enabled
Time Zone: (UTC-08:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada)

Record Tracking
Status: Original
11/24/2025 11:12:39 AM
Holder: Connor Kosnik
connor.kosnik@coinbase.com
Location: DocuSign

Signer Events
KILAN RAI
kilanrai@yahoo.com
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication (None)

Signature
Timestamp
Sent: 11/24/2025 11:37:10 AM
Viewed: 11/24/2025 12:49:12 PM
Signed: 11/24/2025 12:53:46 PM

Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure:
Accepted: 11/24/2025 12:49:12 PM
ID: 9c79f22d-4923-49e5-a144-3c94a18b5636

In Person Signer Events
Editor Delivery Events
Agent Delivery Events
Intermediary Delivery Events
Certified Delivery Events
Carbon Copy Events
Coinbase Small Claims
small.claims@coinbase.com
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication (None)
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure:
Accepted: 5/24/2023 3:41:36 PM
ID: 070cdd4c-49e7-4d24-a4f0-dcc88f736dfb

Witness Events
Notary Events
Envelope Summary Events
Status
Hashed/Encrypted
Security Checked
Security Checked
Completed
Timestamps
11/24/2025 11:37:11 AM
11/24/2025 12:49:12 PM
11/24/2025 12:53:46 PM
11/24/2025 12:53:46 PM

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Payment Events Status Timestamps

Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure created on: 12/5/2018 11:53:24 AM
Parties agreed to: KILAN RAI, Coinbase Small Claims

ELECTRONIC RECORD AND SIGNATURE DISCLOSURE

From time to time, Coinbase, Inc. (we, us or Company) may be required by law to provide to you certain written notices or disclosures. Described below are the terms and conditions for providing to you such notices and disclosures electronically through the DocuSign system. Please read the information below carefully and thoroughly, and if you can access this information electronically to your satisfaction and agree to this Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure (ERSD), please confirm your agreement by selecting the check-box next to ‘I agree to use electronic records and signatures’ before clicking ‘CONTINUE’ within the DocuSign system.

Getting paper copies

At any time, you may request from us a paper copy of any record provided or made available electronically to you by us. You will have the ability to download and print documents we send to you through the DocuSign system during and immediately after the signing session and, if you elect to create a DocuSign account, you may access the documents for a limited period of time (usually 30 days) after such documents are first sent to you. After such time, if you wish for us to send you paper copies of any such documents from our office to you, you will be charged a $0.00 per-page fee. You may request delivery of such paper copies from us by following the procedure described below.

Withdrawing your consent

If you decide to receive notices and disclosures from us electronically, you may at any time change your mind and tell us that thereafter you want to receive required notices and disclosures only in paper format. How you must inform us of your decision to receive future notices and disclosure in paper format and withdraw your consent to receive notices and disclosures electronically is described below.

Consequences of changing your mind

If you elect to receive required notices and disclosures only in paper format, it will slow the speed at which we can complete certain steps in transactions with you and delivering services to you because we will need first to send the required notices or disclosures to you in paper format, and then wait until we receive back from you your acknowledgment of your receipt of such paper notices or disclosures. Further, you will no longer be able to use the DocuSign system to receive required notices and consents electronically from us or to sign electronically documents from us.

All notices and disclosures will be sent to you electronically

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Unless you tell us otherwise in accordance with the procedures described herein, we will provide electronically to you through the DocuSign system all required notices, disclosures, authorizations, acknowledgements, and other documents that are required to be provided or made available to you during the course of our relationship with you. To reduce the chance of you inadvertently not receiving any notice or disclosure, we prefer to provide all of the required notices and disclosures to you by the same method and to the same address that you have given us. Thus, you can receive all the disclosures and notices electronically or in paper format through the paper mail delivery system. If you do not agree with this process, please let us know as described below. Please also see the paragraph immediately above that describes the consequences of your electing not to receive delivery of the notices and disclosures electronically from us.

How to contact Coinbase, Inc.:

You may contact us to let us know of your changes as to how we may contact you electronically, to request paper copies of certain information from us, and to withdraw your prior consent to receive notices and disclosures electronically as follows:

To contact us by email send messages to: ben.gross@coinbase.com

To advise Coinbase, Inc. of your new email address

To let us know of a change in your email address where we should send notices and disclosures electronically to you, you must send an email message to us at ben.gross@coinbase.com and in the body of such request you must state: your previous email address, your new email address. We do not require any other information from you to change your email address.

If you created a DocuSign account, you may update it with your new email address through your account preferences.

To request paper copies from Coinbase, Inc.

To request delivery from us of paper copies of the notices and disclosures previously provided by us to you electronically, you must send us an email to ben.gross@coinbase.com and in the body of such request you must state your email address, full name, mailing address, and telephone number. We will bill you for any fees at that time, if any.

To withdraw your consent with Coinbase, Inc.

To inform us that you no longer wish to receive future notices and disclosures in electronic format you may:

--- PAGE BREAK ---

i. decline to sign a document from within your signing session, and on the subsequent page, select the check-box indicating you wish to withdraw your consent, or you may;

ii. send us an email to ben.gross@coinbase.com and in the body of such request you must state your email, full name, mailing address, and telephone number. We do not need any other information from you to withdraw consent.. The consequences of your withdrawing consent for online documents will be that transactions may take a longer time to process.

Required hardware and software

The minimum system requirements for using the DocuSign system may change over time. The current system requirements are found here: https://support.docusign.com/guides/signer-guide-signing-system-requirements.

Acknowledging your access and consent to receive and sign documents electronically

To confirm to us that you can access this information electronically, which will be similar to other electronic notices and disclosures that we will provide to you, please confirm that you have read this ERSD, and (i) that you are able to print on paper or electronically save this ERSD for your future reference and access; or (ii) that you are able to email this ERSD to an email address where you will be able to print on paper or save it for your future reference and access. Further, if you consent to receiving notices and disclosures exclusively in electronic format as described herein, then select the check-box next to 'I agree to use electronic records and signatures' before clicking 'CONTINUE' within the DocuSign system.

By selecting the check-box next to 'I agree to use electronic records and signatures', you confirm that:

- You can access and read this Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure; and
- You can print on paper this Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure, or save or send this Electronic Record and Disclosure to a location where you can print it, for future reference and access; and
- Until or unless you notify Coinbase, Inc. as described above, you consent to receive exclusively through electronic means all notices, disclosures, authorizations, acknowledgements, and other documents that are required to be provided or made available to you by Coinbase, Inc. during the course of your relationship with Coinbase, Inc..