ORIGINAL

SC-104 Proof of Service

Use this form to serve a person, a business, or a public entity. To learn more about proof of service, read What Is "Proof of Service"? Form SC-104B. To learn more about how to serve a business or entity, read How to Serve a Business or Public Entity, Form SC-104C.

To serve a business, you must serve one of the following people:
- Owner (for a sole proprietorship)
- Partner (for a partnership) or general partner (for a limited partnership)
- Any officer or general manager (corporation or association)
- Any person authorized for service by the business (corporation, association, general partnership, limited partnership)
- Any person authorized for service with the Secretary of State (corporation, association, limited liability company [LLC], limited liability partnership [LLP], limited partnership)

To serve a public entity, you must first file a claim with that entity, then serve one of the following people:
- Clerk (of a city or county)
- Chief officer or director (of a public agency)
- Any person authorized for service by the entity

1 a. If you are serving a person, write the person's name below:

Nurullah Zira

b. If you are serving a business or entity, write the name of the business or entity, the person authorized for service, and that person's job title:

Business or Agency Name

Person Authorized for Service Job Title

2 Instructions to Server:
You must be at least 18 years old and not be named in this case. Follow these steps:
- Give a copy of all the documents checked in (3) to the person in (1), or
- Give a copy of all the documents checked im (3) to one of the following people:
  a. A competent adult (at least 18) living with, and at the home of the person in (1), or
  b. An adult (at least 18) who seems to be in charge at the usual workplace of the person in (1), or
  c. An adult (at least 18) who seems to be in charge where the person in (1) usually receives mail (but not a U.S. Post Office box), if there is no known physical address for the person in (1).

and mail a copy of the documents left with one of the adults in a, b, or c above to the person in (1)

THEN
- Complete and sign this form, and
- Give or mail your completed form to the person who asked you to serve these court papers, in time for the form to be filed with the court at least 5 days before the hearing.

3 I served the person in (1) a copy of the documents checked below:
a. (X) SC-100, Plaintiff's Claim and Order to Go to Small Claims Court
b. ( ) SC-120, Defendant's Claim and Order to Go to Small Claims Court
c. ( ) Order for examination (This form must be personally served. Check the form that was served.
Note: The court can issue a civil arrest warrant if the party served does not come to court only if the order for examination was personally served by a registered process server, sheriff, marshall, or someone appointed by the court
1. ( ) SC-134 Application and Order to Produce Statement of Assets and to Appear for Examination
2. ( ) AT-138/EJ-125, Application and Order for Appearance and Examination
d. ( ) Other (specify)

Judicial Council of California, www.courtinfo.co.gov Revised January 1, 2008, Optional Form Code of Civil Procedure, 116.940, 416.10, 416.20 Proof of Service (Small Claims) SC-104, Page 1 of 2

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Case name: Loekman, Philbert v. Zira, Medet

Case Number: CSM-26-871204 (Loekman vs United SF Parking et al)

4 Fill out "a" or "b" below:

a. (X) Personal Service: I personally gave copies of the documents checked in (3) to the person in (1):

On (date): 3/3/2026 At (time): 07:41 PM

At this address: 710 Berkshire Dr City: Millbrae State: CA Zip: 94030

b. ( ) Substitute Service: I personally gave the copies of the documents check in (3) (a, b, or d) to (check one):

( ) A competent adult (at least 18 at the home of, and living with the person in (1), or

( ) An adult who seems to be in charge where the person in (1) usually works, or

( ) An adult who seems to be in charge where the person in (1) usually receives mail, or has a private post office box (not a U.S. Post Office box), if there is no known physical address for the person in (1).

I told that adult, "Please give these court papers to (name of person in (1))."

I did this on (date): At (time):

At this address: City: State: Zip:

Name or description of the person I gave the papers to:

After serving the court papers, I put copies of the documents listed in (3) in an envelope, sealed the envelope, and put first-class prepaid postage on it. I addressed the envelope to the person in (1) at the address where I left the copies.

I mailed the envelope on (date): from (city, state):

by leaving it (check one):

a. ( ) At a U.S. Postal Service mail drop, or

b. ( ) At an office or business mail drop where I know the mail is picked up every day and deposited with the U.S. Postal Service, or

c. ( ) With someone else I asked to mail the documents to the person in (1), and I have attached that person's completed Form SC-104A.

5 Server's Information

Name: ESSA ABABSEH Phone: 650-517-6200

Address: 533 Airport Blvd. 400, Burlingame, CA 94010

Fee for service: $ 81.00

If you are a registered process server:

County of Registration: San Mateo Registration number: 541

6 I declare under penalty of perjury under California state law that I am at least 18 years old and not named in this case and that the information above is true and correct.

Date: 03/04/2026

ESSA ABABSEH

Type or print server's name Server signs here after serving

Proof of Service SC-104, Page 2 of 2