SC-100
Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court

Notice to the person being sued:
- You are the defendant if your name is listed in (2) on page 2 of this form or on form SC-100A. The person suing you is the plaintiff, listed in (1) on page 2.
- You and the plaintiff must go to court on the trial date listed below. If you do not go to court, you may lose the case. If you lose, the court can order that your wages, money, or property be taken to pay this claim.
- Bring witnesses, receipts, and any evidence you need to prove your case.
- Read this form and all pages attached to understand the claim against you and to protect your rights.

Aviso al Demandado:
- Usted es el Demandado si su nombre figura en (2) de la página 2 de este formulario o en el formulario SC-100A. La persona que lo demanda es el Demandante, la que figura en (1) de la página 2.
- Usted y el Demandante tienen que presentarse en la corte en la fecha del juicio indicada a continuación. Si no se presenta, puede perder el caso. Si pierde el caso, la corte podría ordenar que le quiten de su sueldo, dinero u otros bienes para pagar este reclamo.
- Lleve testigos, recibos y cualquier otra prueba que necesite para probar su caso.
- Lea este formulario y todas las páginas adjuntas para entender la demanda en su contra y para proteger sus derechos.

ORDER to Go to Court

The people in (1) and (2) must attend court: (Clerk fills out section below.)

Trial Date: MAY 22 2026 Time: 3:30 Department: 506 Name and address of court, if different from above: Clerk, by GINA R.S. GONZALEZ

Instructions for the person suing:
- You are the plaintiff. The person you are suing is the defendant.
- Before you fill out this form, read form SC-100-INFO, Information for the Plaintiff, to know your rights. You can get form SC-100-INFO at any courthouse or county law library, or go to courts.ca.gov/rules-forms/find-your-court-forms.
- Fill out pages 2, 3, and 4 of this form. Make copies of all the pages of this form and any attachments—one for each party named in this case and an extra copy for yourself. Take or mail the original and the copies to the court clerk's office and pay the filing fee. The clerk will write the date of your trial in the box above. Your court may allow electronic filing. Check your local court website for information: courts.ca.gov/find-my-court.htm.
- You must have someone at least 18—not you or anyone else listed in this case—give each defendant a court-stamped copy of all pages of this form and any pages this form tells you to attach. There are special rules for "serving" or delivering this form to public entities, associations, and some businesses. See forms SC-104, SC-104B, and SC-104C.
- Go to court on your trial date listed above. Bring witnesses, receipts, and any evidence you need to prove your case.

Judicial Council of California, courts.ca.gov Rev. January 1, 2026, Mandatory Form Code Civ. Proc., §§ 116.110 et seq., 116.220(c), 116.340(g)

Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court SC-100, Page 1 of 6

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Plaintiff (list names):
Jessie Hong

Case Number:
CSN-20-071415

1. The plaintiff (the person, business, or public entity that is suing) is:
Name: Jessie Hong
Phone: 248-974-9825

Street address: 199 Laurie Meadows Dr 580
San Mateo
CA
94403

Mailing address (if different): 1049 El Monte Ave Ste C PMB 92
Mountain View
CA
94040

Email address (if available): jessie.hong.01@gmail.com

If more than one plaintiff, list next plaintiff here:
Name:
Phone:
Street address:
City
State
Zip
Mailing address (if different):
Street
City
State
Zip
Email address (if available):

Check here if more than two plaintiffs and attach form SC-100A.
Check here if either plaintiff listed above is doing business under a fictitious name and attach form SC-103.
Check here if any plaintiff is a "licensee" or "deferred deposit originator" (payday lender) under Financial Code sections 23000 et seq.

2. The defendant (the person, business, or public entity being sued) is:
Name: The Queer Chorus of San Francisco
Phone:

Street address: 584 Castro St, Suite 486
San Francisco
CA
94114

Mailing address (if different):

If the defendant is a corporation, limited liability company, or public entity, list the person or agent authorized for service of process here:
Name: Rachel Pokorny
Job title (if known):

Address: 584 Castro St, Suite 486
San Francisco
CA
94114

Street
City
State
Zip

Check here if your case is against more than one defendant and attach form SC-100A.
Check here if any defendant is on active military duty and write defendant's name here.

3. The plaintiff claims the defendant owes $2,199.00. (Explain below and on next page.)
a. Why does the defendant owe the plaintiff money?
Defendant breached a professional services contract for musical arrangements, prep, and performance accepted via email by the Artistic Director on Jan 21 (Exhibit 2.2). Despite Plaintiff's Oct 1 resignation as a member (Exh 0.1), Defendant attempted to apply volunteer policies to professional labor and refused to pay the agreed-upon rates totaling $2,199.00. Defendant further demonstrated bad faith by summarily removing Plaintiff from records without the two-week notice or hearing required by Defendant's Handbook § 2.1.6.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Plaintiff (list names): Jessie Hong

Case Number: CSM-26-871415

3. b. When did this happen? (Date): If no specific date, give the time period: Date started: 01/21/2026 Through: 02/07/2026

c. How did you calculate the money owed to you? (Do not include court costs or fees for service.) Itemized invoice of 39.55 hours for arrangements, rehearsals, and performances at agreed-upon rates of $40-$75/hr (See Exhibit A).

Check here if you need more space. Attach one sheet of paper or form MC-031 and write "SC-100, Item 3" at the top.

4. You must ask the defendant (in person, in writing, or by phone) to pay you before you sue. If your claim is for possession of property, you must ask the defendant to give you the property. Have you done this?
   Yes □ No □ If no, explain why not:

5. Why are you filing your claim at this courthouse? This courthouse covers the area (check the one that applies):
   a. (1) Where the defendant lives or does business. (2) Where the plaintiff's property was damaged. (3) Where the plaintiff was injured.
   b. Where the buyer or lessee signed the contract, lives now, or lived when the contract was made, if this claim is about an offer or contract for personal, family, or household goods, services, or loans. (Code Civ. Proc., § 395(b).)
   c. Where the buyer signed the contract, lives now, or lived when the contract was made, if this claim is about a retail installment contract (like a credit card). (Civ. Code, § 1812.10.)
   d. Where the buyer signed the contract, lives now, or lived when the contract was made, or where the vehicle is permanently garaged, if this claim is about a vehicle finance sale. (Civ. Code, § 2984.4.)
   e. Other (specify):

6. List the zip code of the place checked in 5 above (if you know): 94114

7. Is your claim about an attorney-client fee dispute? □ Yes □ No If yes, and if you have had arbitration, fill out form SC-101, attach it to this form, and check here: □

8. Are you suing a public entity? □ Yes □ No If yes, you must file a written claim with the entity first. □ A claim was filed on (date): If the public entity denies your claim or does not answer within the time allowed by law, you can file this form.

Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court SC-100, Page 3 of 6

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Plaintiff (list names):
Jesse Hong

Case Number: CSM-26-871415

9. Have you filed more than 12 other small claims within the last 12 months in California?
   □ Yes   □ No If yes, the filing fee for this case will be higher.

10. Is your claim for more than $2,500?
    □ Yes   □ No If you answer yes, you also confirm that you have not filed, and you understand that you may not file, more than two small claims cases for more than $2,500 in California during this calendar year.

11. I understand that by filing a claim in small claims court, I have no right to appeal this claim.

I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that the information above and on any attachments to this form is true and correct.

Date: 02/21/2026
Jessie Hong
Plaintiff types or prints name here
Date:
Second plaintiff types or prints name here
Second plaintiff signs here

Requests for Accommodations
Assistive listening systems, computer-assisted real-time captioning, or sign language interpreter services are available if you ask at least five days before the trial. For these and other accommodations, contact the clerk's office for form MC-410, Disability Accommodation Request. (Civ. Code, § 54.8.)

Page 4 of 6

--- PAGE BREAK ---

SC-100 Information for the defendant (the person being sued)

"Small claims court" is a special court where claims for $12,500 or less are decided. Individuals, including "natural persons" and sole proprietors, may claim up to $12,500. Corporations, partnerships, public entities, and other businesses are limited to claims of $6,250. (See below for exceptions.) The process is quick and cheap. The rules are simple and informal. You are the defendant—the person being sued. The person who is suing you is the plaintiff.

Do I need a lawyer? You may talk to a lawyer before or after the case. But you may not have a lawyer represent you in court (unless this is an appeal from a small claims case).

How do I get ready for court? You don't have to file any papers before your trial, unless you think this is the wrong court for your case. But bring to your trial any witnesses, receipts, and evidence that support your case. And read "How to prepare for your trial (court date)" at selfhelp.courts.ca.gov/small-claims/trial.

What if I need an accommodation? If you have a disability or are hearing impaired, fill out form MC-410, Disability Accommodation Request. Give the form to your court clerk or the ADA/Access Coordinator.

What if I don't speak English well? Ask the court clerk as soon as possible for a court-provided interpreter. You may use form INT-300, Request for Interpreter (Civil) or a local court form to request an interpreter. If a court interpreter is unavailable for your trial, it may be necessary to reschedule your trial. You cannot bring your own interpreter for the trial unless the interpreter has been approved by the court as a certified, registered, or provisionally qualified interpreter. (See Cal. Rules of Court, rule 2.893, and form INT-140.)

Where can I get the court forms I need? Go to any courthouse or your county law library, or print forms at selfhelp.courts.ca.gov/small-claims-forms.

What happens at the trial? The judge will listen to both sides. The judge may make a decision at your trial or mail the decision to you later.

What if I lose the case? If you lose, you may appeal. You'll have to pay a fee. (Plaintiffs cannot appeal their own claims.)

• If you were at the trial, file form SC-140, Notice of Appeal. You must file within 30 days after the clerk hands or mails you the judge's decision (judgment) on form SC-200 or form SC-130, Notice of Entry of Judgment.

• If you were not at the trial, fill out and file form SC-135, Notice of Motion to Vacate Judgment and Declaration, to ask the judge to cancel the judgment (decision). If the judge does not give you a new trial, you have 10 days to appeal the decision. File form SC-140.

For more information on appeals, see selfhelp.courts.ca.gov/small-claims/after-trial/small-claims-appeals.

Do I have options? Yes. If you are being sued you can:

• Settle your case before the trial. If you and the plaintiff agree on how to settle the case before the trial, the plaintiff must file form CIV-110, Request for Dismissal or a written and signed settlement agreement with the clerk. Ask the Small Claims Advisor for help.

• Prove this is the wrong court. Send a letter to the court before your trial explaining why you think this is the wrong court. Ask the court to dismiss the claim. You must serve (give) a copy of your letter (by mail or in person) to all parties. (Your letter to the court must say you have done so.)

• Go to the trial and try to win your case. Bring witnesses, receipts, and any evidence you need to prove your case. To have the court order a witness to go to the trial, fill out form SC-107, Small Claims Subpoena and Declaration, and have it served on the witness.

• Sue the person who is suing you. If you have a claim against the plaintiff, and the claim is appropriate for small claims court as described on this form, you may file Defendant's Claim (form SC-120) and bring the claim in this action. If your claim is for more than allowed in small claims court, you may still file it in small claims court if you give up the amount over the small value amount, or you may file a claim for the full value of the claim in the appropriate court. If your claim is for more than allowed in small claims court and relates to the same contract, transaction, matter, or event that is the subject of the plaintiff's claim, you may file your claim in the appropriate court and file a motion to transfer the plaintiff's claim to that court to resolve both matters together. You can see a description of the amounts allowed in the paragraph above, titled "Small Claims Court."

• Agree with the plaintiff's claim and pay the money. Or, if you can't pay the money now, go to your trial and say you want to make payments.

• Let the case "default." If you don't settle and do not go to the trial (default), the judge may give the plaintiff what he or she is asking for plus court costs. If this happens, the plaintiff can legally take your money, wages, and property to pay the judgment.

What if I need more time? You can change the trial date if:
- You cannot go to court on the scheduled date (you will have to pay a fee to postpone the trial), or
- You did not get served (receive this order to go to court) at least 15 days before the trial (or 20 days if you live outside the county).

Ask the Small Claims Clerk about the rules and fees for postponing a trial. Or fill out form SC-150 (or write a letter) and mail it to the court and to all other people listed on your court date at least 15 days before the trial. Enclose a check for your court fees, unless a fee waiver was granted.

Need help? Your county's Small Claims Advisor can help for free.

Or go to selfhelp.courts.ca.gov/small-claims-advisor.

* Exceptions: Different limits apply in an action against a defendant who is a guarantor. (See Code Civ. Proc., § 116.220(c).)

Rev. January 1, 2026

Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court SC-100, Page 5 of 6

--- PAGE BREAK ---

SC-100

Información para el demandado (la persona demandada)

La "Corte de reclamos menores" es una corte especial donde se deciden casos por $12,500 o menos. Los individuos, o sea las "personas físicas" y los propietarios por cuenta propia, pueden reclamar hasta $12,500. Las corporaciones, asociaciones, entidades públicas y otras empresas solo pueden reclamar hasta $6,250. (Vea abajo para las excepciones.) El proceso es rápido y económico. Las reglas son sencillas e informales. Usted es el Demandado - la persona que se está demandando. La persona que lo está demandando es el Demandante.

¿Necesito un abogado? Puede hablar con un abogado antes o después del caso. Pero no puede tener un abogado que lo represente ante la corte (a menos que se trate de una apelación de un caso de reclamos menores).

¿Cómo me preparo para ir a la corte? No tiene que presentar ningún documento antes del juicio, a menos que piense que ésta es la corte equivocada para su caso. Pero llave al juicio cualquier testigos, recibos y pruebas que apoyen su caso. Y lea "Cómo prepararse para su juicio" en selfhelp.courts.ca.gov/es/reclamos-menores/juicio.

¿Qué hago si necesito una modificación? Si tiene una discapacidad o tiene impedimentos de audición, llene el formulario MC-410, Solicitud de modificaciones para discapacidad. Entregue el formulario al secretario de la corte o al Coordinador de Acceso/ADA de su corte.

¿Qué pasa si no hablo bien inglés? Solicite un intérprete al secretario de la corte lo más pronto posible. Puede usar el formulario INT-300 o un formulario de su corte local. Si no está disponible un intérprete para su juicio, es posible que se tenga que cambiar la fecha de su juicio. No puede llevar su propio intérprete para el juicio a menos que el intérprete haya sido aprobado por la corte como un intérprete certificado, registrado, o provisionalmente calificado. (Vea la regla 2.893 de las Reglas de la Corte de California, y el formulario INT-140.)

¿Dónde puedo obtener los formularios de la corte que necesito? Vaya a cualquier edificio de la corte, la biblioteca legal de su condado, o imprima los formularios en selfhelp.courts.ca.gov/es/formularios-de-reclamos-menores.

¿Qué pasa en el juicio? El juez escuchará a ambas partes. El juez puede tomar su decisión durante la audiencia o enviársela por correo después.

¿Qué pasa si pierdo el caso? Si pierde, puede apelar. Tendrá que pagar una cuota. (El Demandante no puede apelar su propio reclamo.)

- Si estuvo presente en el juicio, llene el formulario SC-140, Aviso de apelación (Notice of Appeal). Tiene que presentarlo dentro de 30 días después de recibir la decisión (fallo) del juez en el formulario SC-200 o SC-130, Aviso de publicación del fallo (Notice of Entry of Judgment).

- Si no estuvo en el juicio, llene y presente el formulario SC-135, Aviso de petición para anular el fallo y Declaración para pedirle al juez que anule el fallo (decisión). Si la corte no otorga un nuevo juicio, tiene 10 días para apelar la decisión. Presente el formulario SC-140.

Para obtener más información sobre las apelaciones, vea selfhelp.courts.ca.gov/es/reclamos-menores/después-del-juicio/apelaciones-de-reclamos-menores.

¿Tengo otras opciones? Sí. Si lo están demandando, puede:

- Resolver el caso antes del juicio. Si usted y el Demandante se ponen de acuerdo en cómo resolver el caso antes del juicio, el Demandante tiene que presentar el formulario CIV-110 Solicitud de desestimación (Request for Dismissal) o un acuerdo de resolución escrito y firmado al secretario de la corte. Pídale al Asesor de Reclamos Menores que lo ayude.

¿Necesita ayuda? El Asesor de Reclamos Menores de su condado le puede ayudar sin cargo.

¿O visite selfhelp.courts.ca.gov/es/asesores-de-reclamos-menores.

* Excepciones: Existen diferentes límites en un reclamo contra un garante. (Vea el Código de Procedimiento Civil, sección 116.220 (c).)

Reclamo del Demandante y ORDEN Para Ir a la Corte de Reclamos Menores

SC-100, Page 6 of 6

--- PAGE BREAK ---

This is a page from a San Francisco small claims court document. Extract all text exactly as it appears. Include party names, dates, claim amounts, rulings, and any other information on the page. Output plain text only.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

This is a page from a San Francisco small claims court document. Extract all text exactly as it appears. Include party names, dates, claim amounts, rulings, and any other information on the page. Output plain text only.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

This is a page from a San Francisco small claims court document. Extract all text exactly as it appears. Include party names, dates, claim amounts, rulings, and any other information on the page. Output plain text only.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

From: Michael Kerschner mkerschner@qcsf.org
Subject: Re: Resignation from QCSF
Date: 7 oktober 2025 14:18
To: Jessie Hong jessie.hong.01@gmail.com

Hello Jessie,

Thank you for your note. I will miss you, and we will miss you. Thanks for being such a star the past two years, and the door is always open.

warmly, Michael

On Wed, Oct 1, 2025 at 10:09 PM Jessie Hong <jessie.hong.01@gmail.com> wrote:
Hi Michael,

I'm writing to let you know that I've decided to step away from all QCSF obligations effective immediately. I need to continue focusing my professional bandwidth and energy, so this decision is needed for the long term.

Thank you for inviting me into the choir and for letting me experiment and grow as a musician and person. Wishing you the best during the concert season and in future endeavors!

Best regards,
Jessie Hong

-- 
Queer Chorus
SAN FRANCISCO
Michael Kerschner, Artistic Director
@qcsf.sings www.qcsf.org

--- PAGE BREAK ---

This is a page from a San Francisco small claims court document. Extract all text exactly as it appears. Include party names, dates, claim amounts, rulings, and any other information on the page. Output plain text only.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

From: Asher Butnik asher.nj.b@gmail.com
Subject: Re: FORMAL REJECTION of Revised Invoice / FINAL DEMAND: $2,199.01 - Jessie Hong
Date: 20 February 2026 13:11
To: Jessie Hong jessie.hong.01@gmail.com
Cc: Makenzie Boyle mkboyle@yahoo.com, Milli Beckers millibeckers@gmail.com, Jim Oerther joerther@gmail.com, Michael Kerschner mkerschner@qcsf.org

Hi Jessie,

We'd like to confirm that we received your email and plan to respond to it. However, we are not able to provide a substantive response by your requested response date of today. We will provide a substantive response as soon as we are able, and we can commit to at least sending you an update within the next 2 weeks.

All the best,
QCSF Board of Directors

On Fri, Feb 13, 2026 at 7:37 PM Jessie Hong <jessie.hong.01@gmail.com> wrote:
Michael, I am CC-ing you on this response, as the Board's revised invoice directly contradicts the specific terms we established and the tangible work I provided under your direction. Since you accepted these conditions and supervised the labor, your involvement is necessary to ensure the Board's records accurately reflect our professional agreement.

To the Board of the Queer Chorus of San Francisco (CC: Artistic Director Michael Kerschner):

I have received your "revised" invoice and your attempt to "recenter expectations". I do not accept your offer of $829.59. Your refusal to honor the established contract between QCSF and me is based on several factual inaccuracies that are directly refuted by written correspondence.

1. Rebuttal of "No Tangible Arrangements"
Your claim that no arrangements were "written, provided, or previewed" is categorically false. On January 24, 2026, I sent an email to Artistic Director Michael (Kerschner) and accompanist Grace Renaud, titled "Love Bites Arrangement Notes". This document contained:
- Specific harmonic changes for "Creep" (e.g., reintroducing G major at mm. 3-4, 11-12, etc.)
- Detailed synth and vocoder layering for "when the party's over"
- Structural suggestions for the program ending and lead-ins for "Ain't It Fun"

Furthermore, I produced and utilized tens of pages of physical arrangements and notes during rehearsals and performances - which all present board members saw me use throughout the performances and during rehearsals. All arrangements were previewed by and performed for the Artistic Director during the final rehearsal on Thursday, February 5. Michael's decision to include them in the final production constitutes an official acceptance of the work. If the Board was not personally provided with these physical scores, that is a failure of internal communication between the Board and its Artistic Director, and it does not absolve the organization of its debt.

2. Rebuttal of "Outside Rehearsal Not Pre-Agreed"
Your claim that small groups and off-site prep were "not pre-agreed upon" is explicitly contradicted by my January 21 terms of engagement. In that email - the conditions of which Michael accepted - I clearly defined my willingness to work as a paid session musician under the condition that I "bill for off-site prep and arranging at $40/hr" and handle "Small groups + prep".

Had the organization intended to cap my billable time strictly at 9:30 PM, it was the responsibility of the Artistic Director to dismiss me. Instead, I was directed to coach and collaborate with the small groups that constituted 25% of the program and provide rehearsal piano substitution while the collaborative pianist was unavailable. I provided the labor necessary to save those numbers from being cut; I will not be penalized for the time required to do so after the fact.

3. Contractual Authority & Travel Rates
As Artistic Director and supervisor of the musical staff (Handbook Sections 5.1, 5.3.1), Michael possesses the apparent authority to agree to portal-to-portal billing. I explicitly established the historical 5-hour commitment of my South Bay/Peninsula commute in my January 21 terms, which were accepted without reservation. Your offer of SF minimum wage for travel is a direct violation of our $50/$75 hourly rate agreement.

Final Table
This final itemization table is shown below, including a correction for time not accounted for on Saturday, February 7.

| Type | Hours | Rate | Subtotal |
|------|-------|------|----------|
| Arrangement | 7.87 | $40 | $314.67 |
| Outside Rehearsal | 0.40 | $40 | $16.00 |
| Rehearsal | 10.43 | $50 | $521.67 |
| Performance | 10.07 | $75 | $755.00 |
| Transport - Outside rehearsals | 2.25 | $40 | $90.00 |
| Transport - Rehearsals | 5.53 | $50 | $276.67 |
| Transport - Performances | 3.00 | $75 | $225.00 |

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Total $2,199.01

I will provide the contact information associated with my Zelle account immediately upon your written confirmation that the full balance of $2,199.01 will be remitted by Friday, February 20, 2026. Once we are in agreement on the final total, I will share the necessary payment details to facilitate a secure digital transfer. I will not be providing a physical address for check delivery at this time.

If payment is not remitted by the above date, I will proceed with a formal claim in Small Claims Court, where all cited emails and texts - including the arrangement previews (electronic and written) - will be submitted as evidence of the contract and the labor provided.

Regards,
Jessie Hong

On Fri, Feb 13, 2026 at 1:54 PM Asher Butnik <asher.ni.b@gmail.com> wrote:
Hi Jessie,

We appreciate you sending over this invoice and for your participation in Love Bites. We want to recenter expectations around what is appropriate to bill for and at what rates. As you know, QCSF is a non-profit organization with a very limited operating budget. The board has reviewed your invoice and has arrived at a number we feel honors your time and expertise and remains within the scope of work sought from you:

- We would like to honor 7.5 hours of rehearsal time (3 chorus rehearsals at 2.5 hours each) at your rate of $50/hour, for a total of $375.
- We would like to honor 4 hours of performance time (2 love bites performances) at your rate of $75 per hour, totaling $300.
- It is not our policy to compensate for driving time and Michael was not authorized to agree to this. However, since he did agree, as a gesture of goodwill we would like to honor your driving time to rehearsals and the performance at the San Francisco minimum wage of $19.18 per hour, for a total of $154.59.

The total amount for your services rendered for Love Bites would then be $829.59.

No tangible arrangements for the chorus were written or provided for the chorus or previewed to Michael before the show. Outside rehearsal time was not pre-agreed upon, and was not for the purpose of the full chorus. Additionally, arriving early or staying late at the venue is not something we compensate for. Therefore, we have not included these costs in our revised invoice.

Please let us know if you have any additional questions about how we arrived at these numbers. Also, please let us know if you would like to be paid via Zelle (in which case, please provide the email or phone number associated with your Zelle account) or via check mailed to your address (in which case, please provide your current address).

Best,
QCSF Board of Directors

On Thu, Feb 12, 2026 at 5:15 AM Jessie Hong <jessie.hong.01@gmail.com> wrote:
Hello,
+cc: treasurer email
Please let me know how and when this will be addressed and any further information you need from me by the end of the week. Thank you!

Jessie Hong
Sent from mobile

On Sun, Feb 8, 2026, 17:26 Jessie Hong <jessie.hong.01@gmail.com> wrote:
Hi Asher,

These are my numbers for arrangement and collaboration duties over 3 full choir rehearsals, 1 outside rehearsal, and 2 performances:

|Type| Hours| Rate| Subtotal|
|---|---|---|---|
|Arrangement| 10| $50| $500|
|Collaboration| 10| $50| $500|
|Total| 20| | $1000|

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Arrangement 7.87 $40 $314.67
Outside Rehearsal 0.40 $40 $16.00
Rehearsal 10.43 $50 $521.67
Performance 10.07 $75 $755.00
Transport - Outside rehearsals 2.25 $40 $90.00
Transport - Rehearsals 5.53 $50 $276.67
Transport - Performances 2.53 $75 $190.00

Total $2,164.00

If you would like the itemized version which generated these numbers, I will happily provide those for you in a full spreadsheet. Let me know, thank you! The performances were fun - hope you're doing alright.

Best,
Jessie Hong