Superior Court of California
County of San Francisco
SMALL CLAIMS
400 McAllister, Room 103
San Francisco, CA 94102

PLAINTIFF/DEMANDANTE (name and street address of each):
Jessica Kennedy
PO Box 1188, Sacramento, CA 95812-1198

DEFENDANT/DEMANDADO (name and street address of each):
Getaround, Inc.
c/o Carlos Paz, California Registered Corporate
(1505) Agent Authorized Employee
330 N Brand Blvd, Glendale, CA 91203

Telephone No.: 408 320 7938
Telephone No.: 415 431 3204

See attached sheet for additional plaintiffs and defendants.

ORDER TO PRODUCE STATEMENT OF ASSETS
AND TO APPEAR FOR EXAMINATION

Instructions to the judgment creditor (the party who won the case and is owed money) for completing this form:
- Complete the application on page 2 to ask the court to require the judgment debtor (the person or business who lost the case and owes money) to come to court with a completed Judgment Debtor's Statement of Assets (form SC-133) and answer questions about their money and property.
- Do not use this form if Notice of Entry of Judgment (form SC-130 or SC-200) says the judgment concerns consumer debt. Use Application and Order to Produce Financial Statement or Appear for Examination—Consumer Debt (form SC-136) instead.
- Read What to Do After the Court Decides Your Small Claims Case (form SC-200-INFO) for help choosing the correct form and for information about steps you must take after the court decides your case.

1. TO JUDGMENT DEBTOR (name): Getaround, Inc.

If the judgment debtor is a corporation, partnership, or other organization, they should read the notice on page 3 of form AT-138/ EJ-125.

2. YOU ARE ORDERED
a. to pay the judgment and file proof of payment (a canceled check or money order or cash receipt, and a written declaration that shows full payment of the judgment, including postjudgment costs and interest) with the court before the hearing date shown in the box below, OR
b. to
(1) personally appear in this court on the date and time shown below, and
(2) bring with you a completed Judgment Debtor's Statement of Assets (form SC-133).

At the hearing, you will be required to
- answer questions about your money and property; and
- explain why you did not complete and mail form SC-133 to judgment creditor in a timely manner. (You should have sent it within 30 days after the Notice of Entry of Judgment (form SC-130) was mailed or handed to you by the clerk.)

Hearing Date: JAN 08 2026 Time: 11 AM
Dept.: 506 Room: __________

If you fail to appear and have not paid the judgment, including postjudgment costs and interest, a bench warrant may be issued for your arrest, you may be held in contempt of court, and you may be ordered to pay penalties.

3. This order may be served by a sheriff, marshal, or registered process server.

Date: NOV 14 2025
This order must be served no less than 10 days before the date set for the examination.

Form Adopted for Mandatory Use
Judicial Council of California
SC-134 [Rev. Jan. 1, 2025]

APPLICATION AND ORDER TO PRODUCE STATEMENT
OF ASSETS AND TO APPEAR FOR EXAMINATION
(Small Claims)

--- PAGE BREAK ---

APPLICATION FOR THIS ORDER

SC-134

4. Judgment creditor (the person who won the case) (name): Jessica Kennedy applies for an order requiring judgment debtor (the person or business who lost the case and owes money) (name): Getaround, Inc.

to (1) pay the judgment or (2) personally appear in this court with a completed Judgment Debtor's Statement of Assets (form SC-133), explain why judgment debtor did not pay the judgment or complete and mail form SC-133 to judgment creditor within 30 days after Notice of Entry of Judgment (form SC-130 or SC-200) was mailed or handed to judgment debtor, and answer questions about judgment debtor's money and property.

5. I, judgment creditor, state the following:
a. Judgment debtor has not paid the judgment.
b. Judgment debtor either did not file an appeal, or the appeal has been dismissed, or judgment debtor lost the appeal.
c. Judgment debtor either did not file a motion to vacate, or the motion to vacate has been denied.
d. More than 30 days have passed since Notice of Entry of Judgment was mailed or delivered to judgment debtor.
e. I have not received a completed Judgment Debtor's Statement of Assets (form SC-133) from judgment debtor.
f. Judgment debtor resides or has a place of business in this county or within 150 miles of the place of examination.

6. Notice of Entry of Judgment (form SC-130 or SC-200) does not say the judgment includes an amount "concerning consumer debt (Code Civ. Proc., § 708.111)."

I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that the foregoing is true and correct.

Date: 10/30/2025
Jessica Kennedy
(TYPE OR PRINT NAME)
(DECLARANT)

INSTRUCTIONS FOR APPLICANT

Most counties are required to have a Small Claims Advisor to give free legal information in small claims cases.

1. This form is intended to be an easy tool to enforce your right to receive a completed Judgment Debtor's Statement of Assets (form SC-133). If you only want to ask the court to order the judgment debtor to come to court for an examination (answering questions about their money and property) and you do not want to enforce your right to receive a completed Judgment Debtor's Statement of Assets (form SC-133), use Application and Order for Appearance and Examination (form EJ-125). If you have already examined this judgment debtor and want to ask for another examination, use form EJ-125.

2. Complete item 1 on page 1 and items 4 and 5 on page 2 of this form, then contact the court clerk to schedule a hearing date and location. Enter the hearing time, date, and location you received from the clerk in the "Hearing Date" section on page 1. Sign and date the form. Make at least one copy of the completed form for your records.

3. File the completed original form SC-134 with the court and pay the filing fee.

4. If you want to be able to ask the court to enforce the order on the judgment debtor (the person or business who lost the case and owes money), you must have a copy of this form and a blank copy of Judgment Debtor's Statement of Assets (form SC-133) served on the judgment debtor in person by a sheriff, marshal, or registered process server at least 30 calendar days before the date of the hearing, and have the original proof of service filed with the court. If you reset the hearing, you will have to pay a new filing fee.

5. You must attend the hearing unless the judgment has been paid. Bring a copy of your completed form SC-134 with you to the hearing.

Request for Accommodations. Assistive listening systems, computer-assisted real-time captioning, or sign language interpreter services are available if you ask at least five days before your hearing. Contact the clerk's office or go to www.courts.ca.gov/forms for Disability Accommodation Request (form MC-410). (Civil Code, § 54.8.)

SC-134 [Rev. Jan. 1, 2025]
Page 2 of 2

APPLICATION AND ORDER TO PRODUCE STATEMENT OF ASSETS AND TO APPEAR FOR EXAMINATION (Small Claims)

--- PAGE BREAK ---

APPEARANCE OF A THIRD PERSON (ENFORCEMENT OF JUDGMENT)

NOTICE TO PERSON SERVED If you fail to appear at the time and place specified in this order, you may be subject to arrest and punishment for contempt of court, and the court may make an order requiring you to pay the reasonable attorney fees incurred by the judgment creditor in this proceeding.

NOTICE TO JUDGMENT DEBTOR The person in whose favor the judgment was entered in this action claims that the person to be examined under this order has possession or control of property that is yours or owes you a debt. This property or debt is as follows (describe the property or debt):

If you claim that all or any portion of this property or debt is exempt from enforcement of the money judgment, you must file your exemption claim in writing with the court and have a copy personally served on the judgment creditor not later than three days before the date set for the examination. You must appear at the time and place set for the examination to establish your claim of exemption or your exemption may be waived.

APPEARANCE OF A THIRD PERSON (ATTACHMENT)

NOTICE TO PERSON SERVED If you fail to appear at the time and place specified in this order, you may be subject to arrest and punishment for contempt of court, and the court may make an order requiring you to pay the reasonable attorney fees incurred by the plaintiff in this proceeding.

APPLICATION AND ORDER FOR
APPEARANCE AND EXAMINATION
(Attachment—Enforcement of Judgment)

AT-138/EJ-125 [Rev. Oct. 1, 2024]