SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA
COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO
400 MCALLISTER STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94102-4514

FILED
Superior Court of California
San Francisco
Small Claims Division
OCT 21 2025
CLERK OF THE COURT
BY: Jean Bertelsen
Case Number: CSM-25-870254

JUDGMENT

This cause came on regularly for proceeding on 10-17-25 in Department 506 before the
Honorable JOHN M. TRUE, Commissioner/Judge Pro-Tem.

Defendant shall pay Plaintiff:

in the amount of:
$ 0 PRINCIPAL $ 0 INTEREST $ 0 COSTS
Terms/other orders

Plaintiff shall pay defendant(s)

in the amount of:
$ 0 PRINCIPAL $ 0 INTEREST $ 0 COSTS
Terms/other orders see attached

Enforcement of the judgment is automatically postponed for 30 days.

Plaintiff testified that defendant is not in the military service of the United States as defined in Section 101 of the Soldiers' and Sailors' Relief Act of 1940, and not entitled to the benefits of the Act.

This judgment results from a motor vehicle accident on a California highway and was caused by the judgment debtor's operation of a motor vehicle. If the judgment is not paid, you may apply to have the judgment debtor's driver's license suspended.

Payments are to be made at the rate of $ per month, beginning on (date):
and on the day of each month thereafter until paid in full. If any payment is missed, the entire balance becomes due immediately.

Submitted on: 10-17-25
Rendered on: 10-17-25
COMMISSIONER/JUDGE PRO TEM OF THE SUPERIOR COURT
JOHN TRUE

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Terry Park
v.
CSM-25-870254
Bounmany Kyle Keojampa, M.D.

This matter was heard on October 17, 2025 in Department 506 of the above entitled court. Plaintiff Terry Park appeared via Zoom, and Defendant Bounmany Kyle Keojampa appeared in person. Plaintiff asks for an award of $12,500.00 for breach of contract and medical battery. Both parties testified under oath, and Plaintiff presented documentation of her claims. The court has carefully considered the evidence received into the record.

The operative facts may be briefly summarized as follows:

1. On or about August 1, 2022 Dr. Keojampa preformed aesthetic craniofacial surgery on Plaintiff's face and jaw apparently to accomplish a "vertical height reduction of about 3 mm" of Plaintiff's "overprojected chin" which had been initially operated on by another surgeon. The plan was to "move chin back to original position."
2. Thereafter, in a series of emails between August 15, 2022 and June 20, 2023, Plaintiff followed up with Defendant expressing concern about the vertical height of her chin and asking "if I requested a revision for the vertical height of my chin at my October follow-up . . . how long would it take to be scheduled for surgery?"
3. On November 15, 2023, defendant gave plaintiff a quote for "Malar/Zygoma/ Cheekbone Reduction" and "Revision Reduction Genioplasty."
4. On January 22, 2024 Ms. Park signed a consent form authorizing Defendant to perform "Zygoma Reduction, Revision Genioplasty." The consent form states in pertinent part:

Your physician, B. Kyle Keojampa, M.D., has determined that the operation or procedure listed below may be beneficial in the diagnosis or treatment of your condition. All surgical operations and diagnostic and therapeutic procedures involve risks of unsuccessful outcomes, complications, injury or even death, from both known and unforeseen causes. No warranties or guarantees have been made as to result or cure.

5. The surgery giving rise to the claim in this matter took place on the same day the

--- PAGE BREAK ---

6. In his post-surgery "Operative Report," Dr. Keojampa describes steps taken to effectuate "revision genioplasty" and "zygoma reduction," the procedures to which Ms. Park consented. As to the revision genioplasty, Dr. Keojampa states, "using the Mectron Piezosurgery saw, the shaped cuts were made to reduce the vertical height of the chin approximately 8 mm. The vertical height was reduced to the prior titanium micro plate."

Breach of Contract

Plaintiff's claim for breach of contract is based on the contention that the "sole purpose" of the surgery was "the reduction of the vertical height of my chin," and that the surgery was concluded "without producing the back of it, leaving my chin bone in a distinct mullet shape and requiring me to pay for another surgery in order to finish the vertical reduction."

Careful examination of the record in this matter reveals no evidence suggesting that Defendant intentionally failed to perform the procedures contracted for: "revision genioplasty" and "zygoma reduction." Plaintiff produced no admissible evidence of negligence on the part of Defendant.

Her claim for breach of contract is not supported by a preponderance of the evidence.

Medical Battery

Ms. Park's medical battery claim is based on the Defendant's allegedly "premeditated choice to perform a materially disparate procedure (shaving off the bottom of the chin bone into an irregular, unrecognizable, not only mullet, but also 'V' shape) versus that which I had consented to (repositioning of the intact chin bone upwards, a.k.a. 'sliding genioplasty') despite my preferences expressed explicitly expressed to him at my initial in-person consults . . . ."

In order to prevail on this claim, Ms. Park must show that: (1) Dr. Keojampa performed a medical procedure without her consent; or that she consented to one medical procedure, but Dr. Keojampa performed a substantially different medical procedure; (2) that she was harmed; and that Dr. Keojampa's conduct was a substantial factor in causing her harm. See, CACI 530A (Medical Battery).

--- PAGE BREAK ---

The record reflects that Dr. Keojampa performed the revision genioplasty and zygoma reduction to which Ms. Park consented. She asserts vigorously, however, that she did not agree to "bone shaving" or "V" shaping," procedures she contends are "substantially different" than those to which she did consent. The evidence does not support a finding to this effect. Although she testified that she made it clear to Dr. Keojampa's office that she wanted "sliding genioplasty," over bone shaving, nowhere does it appear that Defendant told Ms. Park that the surgery contemplated would not include alteration of her jawbone.

The cases Plaintiff cites to elucidate the "substantially different medical procedure" prong of the test for tortious medical battery are not helpful. In Perry v. Shaw, 88 Cal.App.4th 658 (2001), the court upheld a finding of medical battery when the defendant conducted substantial breast augmentation surgery to which the plaintiff had twice refused to consent. Burchell v. Faculty Physicians & Surgeons of the Loma Linda University School of Medicine, 54 Cal.App.5th 515 (2020) involved the unconsented-to removal of part of a penis in the course of surgery on the plaintiff's scrotum. Other cases involve operating on the wrong body part (Kaplan v. Mamelak, 162 Cal.App. 4th 637) and the intentional refusal to delay a procedure to which no consent was given (Saxena v. Goffney, 159 Cal.App.4th 316).

Having carefully reviewed the record and having considered the legal authorities cited by Plaintiff, the court concludes that Plaintiff has failed to meet her burden of showing that the procedure performed by Defendant was "substantially different" from that consented to.

The complaint herein is DENIED in its entirety.