SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA
COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO
400 MCALLISTER STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94102

FILED
San Francisco County Superior Court
MAR 12 2026
CLERK OF THE COURT
By: Deputy Clerk

Superior Court Case Number
CSM-25-870117

Small Claim Case Number

Court Judgment-Small Claims Appeal

This cause came on regularly for trial on March 12, 2026 in Department 502
before the Honorable Victor M. Hwang, Judge Pro Tem Presiding.
The Appellant appearing Shek Lee
The Respondent appearing Ju Ren Peng
and evidence having been introduced, the cause was submitted for decision.

[ ] AFFIRMED [ ] REVERSED

JUDGMENT IS ORDERED in favor of (name) Shek Lee
and against (name) Plaintiff Cai Mei Ye et al
in the amount of:
$ PRINCIPAL
$ ATTORNEY FEES
$ COSTS
$ OTHER SPECIFY
$ TOTAL

TERMS/OTHER ORDERS
see attached

The judgment on appeal is final and replaces the small claims judgment of $12,500.
Exhibits are ordered returned pursuant to CCP 1952. The case is remanded back to Small Claims Court.

DATED: 3/12/26
JUDGE PRO TEM OF THE SUPERIOR COURT
Victor M. Hwang

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Plaintiff/Buyers hired Defendant/Appellant as their real estate agent. Buyers then purchased 251-257 Schwerin on an "As-is" basis. The Defendant testified that he translated all documents and disclosures to Plaintiff's brother-in-law who did not testify at the hearing.

The seller disclosed a number of issues with the property including recent issues with sewage and blockage. A preliminary title report conducted before the sale also indicated that there was an easement in favor of the property, allowing them access to a neighbor's property for sewage-related issues.

Defendant testified that he had worked as a real estate agent for 15 years and that he does not know how to determine if a sewage line is joined to a neighbor's line or connected directly to the city's sewage line. There is no information in the Seller's disclosures which would put the Buyer on notice to the issue.

Plaintiff was focused at trial on proving that the agent did not disclose to him the fact that the subject property came with an easement allowing him access to the neighbor's property. This was contradicted at trial by Defendant's testimony that he did translate the preliminary inspection report to Plaintiff's brother-in-law who was present in court but did not testify. Additionally, there is no clear damages from the failure to discuss the easement even if it was not done since the easement is in Plaintiff's favor.

Under California Civil Code section 2079, agents are required to conduct a reasonably-diligent visual examination of the subject property, but are not required to do any independent inspections. As such, without any independent proof that the Defendant knew of an existing defect that was not communicated to Buyer, the Court finds that the Defendant did not breach his duty of care as a real estate agent and finds for the Defendant. Each side is to bear their own costs and fees.