Notice to the person being sued:
- You are the defendant if your name is listed in (2) on page 2 of this form or on form SC-100A. The person suing you is the plaintiff, listed in (1) on page 2.
- You and the plaintiff must go to court on the trial date listed below. If you do not go to court, you may lose the case. If you lose, the court can order that your wages, money, or property be taken to pay this claim.
- Bring witnesses, receipts, and any evidence you need to prove your case.
- Read this form and all pages attached to understand the claim against you and to protect your rights.

Aviso al Demandado:
- Usted es el Demandado si su nombre figura en (2) de la página 2 de este formulario, o en el formulario SC-100A. La persona que lo demanda es el Demandante, la que figura en (1) de la página 2.
- Usted y el Demandante tienen que presentarse en la corte en la fecha del juicio indicada a continuación. Si no se presenta, puede perder el caso. Si pierde el caso, la corte podría ordenar que le quiten de su sueldo, dinero u otros bienes para pagar este reclamo.
- Lleve testigos, recibos y cualquier otra prueba que necesite para probar su caso.
- Lea este formulario y todas las páginas adjuntas para entender la demanda en su contra y para proteger sus derechos.

Order to Go to Court:
The people in (1) and (2) must attend court: (Clerk fills out section below.)

Trial Date
1. AUG 13 2025 10:00
2.
3. JUN 17 2025 Clerk, by Deanna Simmons, Deputy

Instructions for the person suing:
Do not use this form to recover COVID-19 rental debt, which is unpaid rent or other financial obligations under a tenancy due between March 1, 2020, and September 30, 2021. (See Code of Civil Procedure, §1179.02.) To recover COVID-19 rental debt, use form SC-500, Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court.
- You are the plaintiff. The person you are suing is the defendant.
- Before you fill out this form, read form SC-100-INFO, Information for the Plaintiff, to know your rights. You can get form SC-100-INFO at any courthouse or county law library, or go to www.courts.ca.gov/forms.
- Fill out pages 2, 3, and 4 of this form. Make copies of all the pages of this form and any attachments—one for each party named in this case and an extra copy for yourself. Take or mail the original and the copies to the court clerk's office and pay the filing fee. The clerk will write the date of your trial in the box above. Your court may allow electronic filing. Check your local court website for information: www.courts.ca.gov/find-my-court.htm.
- You must have someone at least 18—not you or anyone else listed in this case—give each defendant a court-stamped copy of all pages of this form and any pages this form tells you to attach. There are special rules for “serving,” or delivering, this form to public entities, associations, and some businesses. See forms SC-104, SC-104B, and SC-104C.
- Go to court on your trial date listed above. Bring witnesses, receipts, and any evidence you need to prove your case.

Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court
SC-100, Page 1 of 6

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Plaintiff (list names):
Case Number:

1 The plaintiff (the person, business, or public entity that is suing) is:
Name: DEMAS YAN
Phone: 415-8675797
Street address: 547A 23rd Ave., San Francisco, CA 94121
Mailing address (if different):
Email address (if available):

If more than one plaintiff, list next plaintiff here:
Name:
Phone:
Street address:
Mailing address (if different):
Email address (if available):

Check here if more than two plaintiffs and attach form SC-100A.
Check here if either plaintiff listed above is doing business under a fictitious name and attach form SC-103.
Check here if any plaintiff is a "licensee" or "deferred deposit originator" (payday lender) under Financial Code sections 23000 et seq.

2 The defendant (the person, business, or public entity being sued) is:
Name: CHUNLEI LIU
Phone:
Street address: 547A 23rd Ave., San Francisco, CA 94121 #1
Mailing address (if different):
If the defendant is a corporation, limited liability company, or public entity, list the person or agent authorized for service of process here:
Name:
Job title, if known:
Address:
Street
City
State
Zip

Check here if your case is against more than one defendant and attach form SC-100A.
Check here if any defendant is on active military duty and write defendant's name here:

3 The plaintiff claims the defendant owes $ 12,500 . (Explain below and on next page.)
(Note: A claim for COVID-19 rental debt cannot be made on this form. Use form SC-500, Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court (COVID-19 Rental Debt).)
a. Why does the defendant owe the plaintiff money?
Defendant Sublessee's lease terminated June 30, 2024.
Plaintiff offered a new lease for $2400 per month but Liu did not accept but continued to stay. Damages since then either at $2400/mo or $89/day (Airbnb lost income) according to proof.
July 1, 2024 to 3/12/25 is 254 days at $89/day = $22,606
Plaintiff claims jurisdiction limit of $12,500 or according to proof.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Plaintiff (list names):

Case Number:

3) b. When did this happen? (Date):
If no specific date, give the time period: Date started: JUNE 1, 2024 Through: March 12, 2025

c. How did you calculate the money owed to you? (Do not include court costs or fees for service.)

SEE ATTACHMENT 1

Check here if you need more space. Attach one sheet of paper or form MC-031 and write "SC-100, Item 3" at the top.

4) You must ask the defendant (in person, in writing, or by phone) to pay you before you sue. If your claim is for possession of property, you must ask the defendant to give you the property. Have you done this?
Yes No If no, explain why not:

5) Why are you filing your claim at this courthouse?
This courthouse covers the area (check the one that applies):
a. (1) Where the defendant lives or does business. (4) Where a contract (written or spoken) was made, signed, performed, or broken by the defendant or where the defendant lived or did business when the defendant made the contract.
(2) Where the plaintiff's property was damaged.
(3) Where the plaintiff was injured.

b. Where the buyer or lessee signed the contract, lives now, or lived when the contract was made, if this claim is about an offer or contract for personal, family, or household goods, services, or loans. (Code Civ. Proc., § 395(b).)
c. Where the buyer signed the contract, lives now, or lived when the contract was made, if this claim is about a retail installment contract (like a credit card). (Civ. Code, § 1812.10.)
d. Where the buyer signed the contract, lives now, or lived when the contract was made, or where the vehicle is permanently garaged, if this claim is about a vehicle finance sale. (Civ. Code, § 2984.4.)
e. Other (specify):

6) List the zip code of the place checked in 5 above (if you know): 94121

7) Is your claim about an attorney-client fee dispute? Yes No If yes, and if you have had arbitration, fill out form SC-101, attach it to this form, and check here:

8) Are you suing a public entity? Yes No If yes, you must file a written claim with the entity first. A claim was filed on (date): If the public entity denies your claim or does not answer within the time allowed by law, you can file this form.

Rev. January 1, 2024
Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court SC-100, Page 3 of 6

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Plaintiff (list names):

Case Number:

9 Have you filed more than 12 other small claims within the last 12 months in California?
□ Yes □ No If yes, the filing fee for this case will be higher.

10 Is your claim for more than $2,500? □ Yes □ No
If you answer yes, you also confirm that you have not filed, and you understand that you may not file, more than two small claims cases for more than $2,500 in California during this calendar year.

11 I understand that by filing a claim in small claims court, I have no right to appeal this claim.

I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that the information above and on any attachments to this form is true and correct.

Date: 3/31/2025

DEMAS YAN
Plaintiff types or prints name here
Plaintiff signs here

Date:

Second plaintiff types or prints name here
Second plaintiff signs here

Requests for Accommodations
Assistive listening systems, computer-assisted real-time captioning, or sign language interpreter services are available if you ask at least five days before the trial. For these and other accommodations, contact the clerk's office for form MC-410, Disability Accommodation Request. (Civ. Code, § 54.8.)

Rev. January 1, 2024
Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court SC-100, Page 4 of 6

--- PAGE BREAK ---

SC-100 Information for the defendant (the person being sued)

"Small claims court" is a special court where claims for $12,500 or less are decided. Individuals, including "natural persons" and sole proprietors, may claim up to $12,500. Corporations, partnerships, public entities, and other businesses are limited to claims of $6,250. (See below for exceptions.*) The process is quick and cheap. The rules are simple and informal. You are the defendant—the person being sued. The person who is suing you is the plaintiff.

Do I need a lawyer? You may talk to a lawyer before or after the case. But you may not have a lawyer represent you in court (unless this is an appeal from a small claims case).

How do I get ready for court? You don't have to file any papers before your trial, unless you think this is the wrong court for your case. But bring to your trial any witnesses, receipts, and evidence that support your case. And read "Be Prepared for Your Trial" at www.courts.ca.gov/smallclaims/prepare.

What if I need an accommodation? If you have a disability or are hearing impaired, fill out form MC-410, Disability Accommodation Request. Give the form to your court clerk or the ADA/Access Coordinator.

What if I don't speak English well? Ask the court clerk as soon as possible for a court-provided interpreter. You may use form INT-300, Request for Interpreter (Civil), or a local court form to request an interpreter. If a court interpreter is unavailable for your trial, it may be necessary to reschedule your trial. You cannot bring your own interpreter for the trial unless the interpreter has been approved by the court as a certified, registered, or provisionally qualified interpreter. (See Cal. Rules of Court, rule 2.893, and form INT-140.)

Where can I get the court forms I need? Go to any courthouse or your county law library, or print forms at www.courts.ca.gov/forms.

What happens at the trial? The judge will listen to both sides. The judge may make a decision at your trial or mail the decision to you later.

What if I lose the case? If you lose, you may appeal. You'll have to pay a fee. (Plaintiffs cannot appeal their own claims.)
- If you were at the trial, file form SC-140, Notice of Appeal. You must file within 30 days after the clerk hands or mails you the judge's decision (judgment) on form SC-200 or form SC-130, Notice of Entry of Judgment.
- If you were not at the trial, fill out and file form SC-135, Notice of Motion to Vacate Judgment and Declaration, to ask the judge to cancel the judgment (decision). If the judge does not give you a new trial, you have 10 days to appeal the decision. File form SC-140.

For more information on appeals, see www.courts.ca.gov/smallclaims/appeals.

Do I have options? Yes. If you are being sued you can:
- Settle your case before the trial. If you and the plaintiff agree on how to settle the case before the trial, the plaintiff must file form CIV-110, Request for Dismissal or a written and signed settlement agreement with the clerk. Ask the Small Claims Advisor for help.

* Exceptions: Different limits apply in an action against a defendant who is a guarantor. (See Code Civ. Proc., § 116.220(c).) Limits do not apply in an action to recover COVID-19 rental debt. (See Code Civ. Proc., §§ 116.223 & 1179.02; form SC-500.)

Prove this is the wrong court. Send a letter to the court before your trial explaining why you think this is the wrong court. Ask the court to dismiss the claim. You must serve (give) a copy of your letter (by mail or in person) to all parties. (Your letter to the court must say you have done so.)

Go to the trial and try to win your case. Bring witnesses, receipts, and any evidence you need to prove your case. To have the court order a witness to go to the trial, fill out form SC-107, Small Claims Subpoena and Declaration, and have it served on the witness.

Sue the person who is suing you. If you have a claim against the plaintiff, and the claim is appropriate for small claims court as described on this form, you may file Defendant's Claim (form SC-120) and bring the claim in this action. If your claim is for more than allowed in small claims court, you may still file it in small claims court if you give up the amount over the small claims value amount, or you may file a claim for the full value of the claim in the appropriate court. If your claim is for more than allowed in small claims court and relates to the same contract, transaction, matter, or event that is the subject of the plaintiff's claim, you may file your claim in the appropriate court and file a motion to transfer the plaintiff's claim to that court to resolve both matters together. You can see a description of the amounts allowed in the paragraph above, titled "Small Claims Court."

Agree with the plaintiff's claim and pay the money. Or, if you can't pay the money now, go to your trial and say you want to make payments.

Let the case "default." If you don't settle and do not go to the trial (default), the judge may give the plaintiff what he or she is asking for plus court costs. If this happens, the plaintiff can legally take your money, wages, and property to pay the judgment.

What if I need more time? You can change the trial date if:
- You cannot go to court on the scheduled date (you will have to pay a fee to postpone the trial), or
- You did not get served (receive this order to go to court) at least 15 days before the trial (or 20 days if you live outside the county).

Ask the Small Claims Clerk about the rules and fees for postponing a trial. Or fill out form SC-150 (or write a letter) and mail it to the court and to all other people listed on your court papers before the deadline. Enclose a check for your court fees, unless a fee waiver was granted.

Need help? Your county's Small Claims Advisor can help for free.

Or go to www.courts.ca.gov/smallclaims/advisor.

Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court SC-100, Page 5 of 6

--- PAGE BREAK ---

This is a page from a San Francisco small claims court document. Extract all text exactly as it appears. Include party names, dates, claim amounts, rulings, and any other information on the page. Output plain text only.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

ATTACHMENT 1

Plaintiff DEMAS YAN (Yan), alleges:

1. Plaintiff is an individual and is now and at all times mentioned in this complaint was, a resident of City and County of San Francisco, California, and the master tenant of 547 23rd Avenue #A, San Francisco, Ca. 94121 (Premises).

2. Defendant CHUNLEI LIU (Liu) is now, and at all times mentioned in this complaint an individual residing in City and County of San Francisco, California.

3. On or around July 2023, Yan and Liu entered into a written sublease agreement of a room in the Premises to Liu for one year with provision for termination of lease by either party with 30-days advance notice. On March 31, 2024, both parties agreed to termination of lease by end of June 2024 which was memorialized in writing by Liu. Liu did not vacate by end of June 2024. Yan offered a new lease to Liu for $2300 per month but Liu rejected the offer. Liu has been occupying the Premises without a lease since July 1, 2024. From July 1, 2024 to March 31, 2025 (9 months period), Liu stated to Yan numerous times that she will move out but never did. At various times during this period Liu paid sums of different amounts totaling $10,000 as forbearance from eviction. The market rent for the room Liu occupies is reasonably at $89/day or $2670/month or $24030 for the past 9-months period. With credit for $10,000 from Liu during this 9-months period. The amount Liu owes and Yan seeks is $12,360 or according to proof.

4. For a tenant who remains in possession of the premises after the lease term expires (a holdover tenant), the tenancy terminates automatically when the term expires. (Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1933 and 1945). Once the tenancy is terminated, the tenant loses both contractual rights and property rights under state law. This loss occurs even when the tenant remains in possession of the property. A “tenancy at sufferance” or “holdover tenancy” is created when a tenant who previously had the right of occupancy continues in possession without the landlord's consent after termination of the tenancy. (Multani v. Knight (2018) 23.Cal.App.5th 837, 852.) A holdover tenant no longer has rights pursuant to the covenant of quiet enjoyment and lacks any right to sue for nuisance. (Id. at pp. 855-6.) Additionally, with a holdover tenancy, the lease is no longer effective to define the contractual obligation to pay rent, and the landlord may demand from the tenant a payment to account for the value of the property. (See Colyear v. Tobriner (1936) 7 Cal.2d 735, 742–743.) As a result, a landlord may require a holdover tenant to pay more in rent than the landlord could have demanded under the prior lease. (See Id. at pp. 742–743.) Finally, a holdover tenant may incur liability for damages to the landlord. (Ramona Manor Convalescent Hosp. v. Care Enterprises (1986) 177 Cal.App.3d 1120, 1131–1132.)

5. WHEREFORE, plaintiff prays for a judgment against defendant Chunlei Liu in the amount of $12,360 for damages up to March 31, 2025, for cost of suit, and any other relief deem just and proper by the Court.

Dated March 31, 2025
Demas Yan