SC-100
Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER
to Go to Small Claims Court

Notice to the person being sued:
- You are the defendant if your name is listed in (2) on page 2 of this form or on form SC-100A. The person suing you is the plaintiff, listed in (1) on page 2.
- You and the plaintiff must go to court on the trial date listed below. If you do not go to court, you may lose the case. If you lose, the court can order that your wages, money, or property be taken to pay this claim.
- Bring witnesses, receipts, and any evidence you need to prove your case.
- Read this form and all pages attached to understand the claim against you and to protect your rights.

Aviso al Demandado:
- Usted es el Demandado si su nombre figura en (2) de la página 2 de este formulario, o en el formulario SC-100A. La persona que lo demanda es el Demandante, la que figura en (1) de la página 2.
- Usted y el Demandante tienen que presentarse en la corte en la fecha del juicio indicada a continuación. Si no se presenta, puede perder el caso. Si pierde el caso, la corte podría ordenar que le quiten de su sueldo, dinero u otros bienes para pagar este reclamo.
- Lleve testigos, recibos y cualquier otra prueba que necesite para probar su caso
- Lea este formulario y todas las páginas adjuntas para entender la demanda en su contra y para proteger sus derechos.

Order to Go to Court
The people in (1) and (2) must attend court: (Clerk fills out section below.)

Trial Date
1. MAR 17 2026 Time 1:00 PM
2. 
3. JAN 16 2026
Date: Clerk, by Deputy

Instructions for the person suing:
Do not use this form to recover COVID-19 rental debt, which is unpaid rent or other financial obligations under a tenancy due between March 1, 2020, and September 30, 2021. (See Code of Civil Procedure, §1179.02.) To recover COVID-19 rental debt, use form SC-500, Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court.
- You are the plaintiff. The person you are suing is the defendant.
- Before you fill out this form, read form SC-100-INFO, Information for the Plaintiff, to know your rights. You can get form SC-100-INFO at any courthouse or county law library, or go to www.courts.ca.gov/forms.
- Fill out pages 2, 3, and 4 of this form. Make copies of all the pages of this form and any attachments—one for each party named in this case and an extra copy for yourself. Take or mail the original and the copies to the court clerk's office and pay the filing fee. The clerk will write the date of your trial in the box above. Your court may allow electronic filing. Check your local court website for information: www.courts.ca.gov/find-my-court.htm.
- You must have someone at least 18—not you or anyone else listed in this case—give each defendant a court-stamped copy of all pages of this form and any pages this form tells you to attach. There are special rules for "serving," or delivering, this form to public entities, associations, and some businesses. See forms SC-104, SC-104B, and SC-104C.
- Go to court on your trial date listed above. Bring witnesses, receipts, and any evidence you need to prove your case.

Judicial Council of California, www.courts.ca.gov Rev. January 1, 2024, Mandatory Form Code of Civil Procedure, §§ 116.110 et seq., 116.220(c), 116.340(g)

Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER
to Go to Small Claims Court
SC-100, Page 1 of 6

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Plaintiff (list names): ARMANDO B. CABRERA MELISSA CABRERA

1 The plaintiff (the person, business, or public entity that is suing) is:
Name: ARMANDO B. CABRERA Phone: (415) 574-8179
Street address: 1244 REVERE AVE APT A. SAN FRANCISCO CA 94124
Mailing address (if different): PO BOX 40085 SAN FRANCISCO CA 94140
Email address (if available):

If more than one plaintiff, list next plaintiff here:
Name: MELISSA CABRERA Phone: (415) 574-8179
Street address: 1244 REVERE AVE APT A SAN FRANCISCO CA 94124
Mailing address (if different): PO BOX 40085 SAN FRANCISCO CA 94140
Email address (if available):

☐ Check here if more than two plaintiffs and attach form SC-100A.
☐ Check here if either plaintiff listed above is doing business under a fictitious name and attach form SC-103.
☐ Check here if any plaintiff is a "licensee" or "deferred deposit originator" (payday lender) under Financial Code sections 23000 et seq.

2 The defendant (the person, business, or public entity being sued) is:
Name: LEVAN LAZISHVILI Phone: (415) 530-7854
Street address: 1225 STEINER ST APT #1513 SAN FRANCISCO CA 94115
Mailing address (if different):

If the defendant is a corporation, limited liability company, or public entity, list the person or agent authorized for service of process here:
Name: Job title, if known:

Address:

Street City State Zip

☐ Check here if your case is against more than one defendant and attach form SC-100A.
☐ Check here if any defendant is on active military duty and write defendant's name here:

3 The plaintiff claims the defendant owes $ 2,000. (Explain below and on next page.)
(Note: A claim for COVID-19 rental debt cannot be made on this form. Use form SC-500, Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court (COVID-19 Rental Debt).)
a. Why does the defendant owe the plaintiff money?
THE DEFENDANT OWES US MONEY, AS THE AMOUNT IS REQUIRED TO COVER THE COST OF REPAIRING THE DAMAGE HE CAUSED TO THE CAR.

Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court SC-100, Page 2 of 6

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Plaintiff (list names): ARMANDO D. CABRERA
MELISSA CABRERA

(3) When did this happen? (Date): NOV 13, 2025
If no specific date, give the time period: Date started: Through:

(4) How did you calculate the money owed to you? (Do not include court costs or fees for service.)
I calculated the amount owed based on the repairs made/needed to the car.

Check here if you need more space. Attach one sheet of paper or form MC-031 and write "SC-100, Item 3" at the top.

(4) You must ask the defendant (in person, in writing, or by phone) to pay you before you sue. If your claim is for possession of property, you must ask the defendant to give you the property. Have you done this?
Yes No If no, explain why not:

(5) Why are you filing your claim at this courthouse?
This courthouse covers the area (check the one that applies):
a. (1) Where the defendant lives or does business. (4) Where a contract (written or spoken) was made, signed, performed, or broken by the defendant or where the defendant lived or did business when the defendant made the contract.
(2) Where the plaintiff's property was damaged.
(3) Where the plaintiff was injured.
b. Where the buyer or lessee signed the contract, lives now, or lived when the contract was made, if this claim is about an offer or contract for personal, family, or household goods, services, or loans. (Code Civ. Proc., § 395(b).)
c. Where the buyer signed the contract, lives now, or lived when the contract was made, if this claim is about a retail installment contract (like a credit card). (Civ. Code, § 1812.10.)
d. Where the buyer signed the contract, lives now, or lived when the contract was made, or where the vehicle is permanently garaged, if this claim is about a vehicle finance sale. (Civ. Code, § 2984.4.)
e. Other (specify):

(6) List the zip code of the place checked in (5) above (if you know): 94110

(7) Is your claim about an attorney-client fee dispute? Yes No
If yes, and if you have had arbitration, fill out form SC-101, attach it to this form, and check here:

(8) Are you suing a public entity? Yes No
If yes, you must file a written claim with the entity first. A claim was filed on (date):

If the public entity denies your claim or does not answer within the time allowed by law, you can file this form.

Rev. January 1, 2024
Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court SC-100, Page 3 of 6

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Plaintiff (list names): ARMANDO B. CABRERA MELISSA CABRERA

Have you filed more than 12 other small claims within the last 12 months in California?
□ Yes ☑ No If yes, the filing fee for this case will be higher.

Is your claim for more than $2,500? □ Yes ☑ No
If you answer yes, you also confirm that you have not filed, and you understand that you may not file, more than two small claims cases for more than $2,500 in California during this calendar year.

I understand that by filing a claim in small claims court, I have no right to appeal this claim.

I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that the information above and on any attachments to this form is true and correct.

Date: 12/27/25
ARMANDO B. CABRERA Plaintiff types or prints name here
Plaintiff signs here

Date: 12/27/25
MELISSA CABRERA Second plaintiff types or prints name here
Second plaintiff signs here

Requests for Accommodations
Assistive listening systems, computer-assisted real-time captioning, or sign language interpreter services are available if you ask at least five days before the trial. For these and other accommodations, contact the clerk's office for form MC-410, Disability Accommodation Request. (Civ. Code, § 54.8.)

Rev. January 1, 2024
Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court SC-100, Page 4 of 6

--- PAGE BREAK ---

SC-100 Information for the defendant (the person being sued)

"Small claims court" is a special court where claims for $12,500 or less are decided. Individuals, including "natural persons" and sole proprietors, may claim up to $12,500. Corporations, partnerships, public entities, and other businesses are limited to claims of $6,250. (See below for exceptions.) The process is quick and cheap. The rules are simple and informal. You are the defendant—the person being sued. The person who is suing you is the plaintiff.

Do I need a lawyer? You may talk to a lawyer before or after the case. But you may not have a lawyer represent you in court (unless this is an appeal from a small claims case).

How do I get ready for court? You don't have to file any papers before your trial, unless you think this is the wrong court for your case. But bring to your trial any witnesses, receipts, and evidence that support your case. And read "Be Prepared for Your Trial" at www.courts.ca.gov/smallclaims/prepare.

What if I need an accommodation? If you have a disability or are hearing impaired, fill out form MC-410, Disability Accommodation Request. Give the form to your court clerk or the ADA/Access Coordinator.

What if I don't speak English well? Ask the court clerk as soon as possible for a court-provided interpreter. You may use form INT-300, Request for Interpreter (Civil) or a local court form to request an interpreter. If a court interpreter is unavailable for your trial, it may be necessary to reschedule your trial. You cannot bring your own interpreter for the trial unless the interpreter has been approved by the court as a certified, registered, or provisionally qualified interpreter. (See Cal. Rules of Court, rule 2.893, and form INT-140.)

Where can I get the court forms I need? Go to any courthouse or your county law library, or print forms at www.courts.ca.gov/forms.

What happens at the trial? The judge will listen to both sides. The judge may make a decision at your trial or mail the decision to you later.

What if I lose the case? If you lose, you may appeal. You'll have to pay a fee. (Plaintiffs cannot appeal their own claims.)
- If you were at the trial, file form SC-140, Notice of Appeal. You must file within 30 days after the clerk hands or mails you the judge's decision (judgment) on form SC-200 or form SC-130, Notice of Entry of Judgment.
- If you were not at the trial, fill out and file form SC-135, Notice of Motion to Vacate Judgment and Declaration, to ask the judge to cancel the judgment (decision). If the judge does not give you a new trial, you have 10 days to appeal the decision. File form SC-140.

For more information on appeals, see www.courts.ca.gov smallclaims/appeals.

Do I have options? Yes. If you are being sued you can:
- Settle your case before the trial. If you and the plaintiff agree on how to settle the case before the trial, the plaintiff must file form CIV-110, Request for Dismissal or a written and signed settlement agreement with the clerk. Ask the Small Claims Advisor for help.

* Exceptions: Different limits apply in an action against a defendant who is a guarantor. (See Code Civ. Proc., § 116.220(c.) Limits do not apply in an action to recover COVID-19 rental debt. (See Code Civ. Proc., §§ 116.223 & 1179.02; form SC-500.)

Prove this is the wrong court. Send a letter to the court before your trial explaining why you think this is the wrong court. Ask the court to dismiss the claim. You must serve (give) a copy of your letter (by mail or in person) to all parties. (Your letter to the court must say you have done so.)

Go to the trial and try to win your case. Bring witnesses, receipts, and any evidence you need to prove your case. To have the court order a witness to go to the trial, fill out form SC-107, Small Claims Subpoena and Declaration, and have it served on the witness.

Sue the person who is suing you. If you have a claim against the plaintiff, and the claim is appropriate for small claims court as described on this form, you may file Defendant's Claim (form SC-120) and bring the claim in this action. If your claim is for more than allowed in small claims court, you may still file it in small claims court if you give up the amount over the small claims value amount, or you may file a claim for the full value of the claim in the appropriate court. If your claim is for more than allowed in small claims court and relates to the same contract, transaction, matter, or event that is the subject of the plaintiff's claim, you may file your claim in the appropriate court and file a motion to transfer the plaintiff's claim to that court to resolve both matters together. You can see a description of the amounts allowed in the paragraph above, titled "Small Claims Court."

Agree with the plaintiff's claim and pay the money. Or, if you can't pay the money now, go to your trial and say you want to make payments.

Let the case "default." If you don't settle and do not go to the trial (default), the judge may give the plaintiff what he or she is asking for plus court costs. If this happens, the plaintiff can legally take your money, wages, and property to pay the judgment.

What if I need more time? You can change the trial date if:
- You cannot go to court on the scheduled date (you will have to pay a fee to postpone the trial), or
- You did not get served (receive this order to go to court) at least 15 days before the trial (or 20 days if you live outside the county).

Ask the Small Claims Clerk about the rules and fees for postponing a trial. Or fill out form SC-150 (or write a letter) and mail it to the court and to all other people listed on your court papers before the deadline. Enclose a check for your court fees, unless a fee waiver was granted.

Need help? Your county's Small Claims Advisor can help for free.

Or go to www.courts.ca.gov/smallclaims/advisor.

Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court SC-100, Page 5 of 6

--- PAGE BREAK ---

SC-100

Información para el demandado (la persona demandada)

La "Corte de reclamos menores" es una corte especial donde se deciden casos por $12,500 o menos. Los individuos, o sea las "personas físicas" y los propietarios por cuenta propia, pueden reclamar hasta $12,500. Las corporaciones, asociaciones, entidades públicas y otras empresas solo pueden reclamar hasta $6,250. (Vea abajo para las excepciones.*). El proceso es rápido y económico. Las reglas son sencillas e informales. Usted es el Demandado - la persona que se está demandando. La persona que lo está demandando es el Demandante.

¿Necesito un abogado? Puede hablar con un abogado antes o después del caso. Pero no puede tener a un abogado que lo represente ante la corte (a menos que se trate de una apelación de un caso de reclamos menores).

¿Cómo me preparo para ir a la corte? No tiene que presentar ningún documento antes del juicio, a menos que piense que ésta es la corte equivocada para su caso. Pero llave al juicio cualquier testigos, recibos y pruebas que apoyan su caso. Y lea "Esté preparado para su juicio" en www.courts.ca.gov/reclamosmenores/preparese.

¿Qué hago si necesito una modificación? Si tiene una discapacidad o tiene impedimentos de audición, llene el formulario MC-410, Solicitud de modificaciones para discapacidad. Entregue el formulario al secretario de la corte o al Coordinador de Acceso/ADA de su corte.

¿Qué pasa si no hablo bien inglés? Solicite un intérprete al secretario de la corte lo más pronto posible. Puede usar el formulario INT-300 o un formulario de su corte local. Si no está disponible un intérprete de la corte para su juicio, es posible que se tenga que cambiar la fecha de su juicio. No puede llevar su propio intérprete para el juicio a menos que el intérprete haya sido aprobado por la corte como un intérprete certificado, registrado, o provisionalmente calificado. (Vea la regla 2.893 de las Reglas de la Corte de California, y el formulario INT-140.)

¿Dónde puedo obtener los formularios de la corte que necesito? Vaya a cualquier edificio de la corte, la biblioteca legal de su condado, o imprima los formularios en www.courts.ca.gov/smallclaims/forms (página está en inglés).

¿Qué pasa en el juicio? El juez escuchará a ambas partes. El juez puede tomar su decisión durante la audiencia o enlársele por correo después.

¿Qué pasa si pierdo el caso? Si pierde, puede apelar. Tendrá que pagar una cuota. (El Demandante no puede apelar su propio reclamo.)

- Si estuvo presente en el juicio, llene el formulario SC-140, Aviso de apelación (Notice of Appeal). Tiene que presentarlo dentro de 30 días después de que el secretario le entregue o enveje la decisión (fallos) del juez en el formulario SC-200 o SC-130, Aviso de publicación del fallo (Notice of Entry of Judgment).

- Si no estuvo en el juicio, llene y presente el formulario SC-135, Aviso de petición para anular el fallo y Declaración para pedirle al juez que anule el fallo (decisión). Si la corte no le otorga un nuevo juicio, tiene 10 días para apelar la decisión. Presente el formulario SC-140.

Para obtener más información sobre las apelaciones, vea www.courts.ca.gov/reclamosmenores/apelaciones.

¿Tengo otras opciones? Sí. Si lo están demandando, puede:

- Resolver su caso antes del juicio. Si usted y el Demandante se ponen de acuerdo en cómo resolver el caso antes del juicio, el Demandante tiene que presentar el formulario CIV-110 Solicitud de desestimación (Request for Dismissal) o un acuerdo de resolución escrito y firmado al secretario de la corte. Pídale al Asesor de Reclamos Menores que lo ayude.

¿Necesita ayuda? El Asesor de Reclamos Menores de su condado le puede ayudar sin cargo.

O visite www.courts.ca.gov/reclamosmenores/asesores.

* Excepciones: Existen diferentes límites en un reclamo contra un garante. (Vea el Código de Procedimiento Civil, sección 116.220 (c).) Los límites no se aplican a las acciones para reclamar una deuda de alquiler del COVID-19. (Vea el Código de Procedimiento Civil, secciones 116.223 y 1179.02; y el formulario SC-500.)

Reclamo del Demandante y ORDEN Para Ir a la Corte de Reclamos Menores

SC-100, Page 6 of 6

For your protection and privacy, please press the Clear This Form button after you have printed the form.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

SC-104B What Is "Proof of Service"?

What is "service"?
"Service" or "serving" is when someone—not you or anyone else listed in this case—gives a copy of your court papers to the person, business, or public entity you are suing. Service lets the other party know:
- What you are asking for;
- When and where the trial will be; and
- What the party can choose to do.

There are strict rules for serving court papers. This form explains how to serve these forms:
- Form SC-100, Plaintiff's Claim
- Form SC-120, Defendant's Claim
- Form SC-500, Plaintiff's Claim (COVID-19 Rental Debt)

How is service done?
This form tells you how to serve by personal service or substituted service.

Personal service means someone gives the papers directly to the person being sued or to the agent authorized to accept service (business or public entity).

Substituted service means someone gives the papers to an adult where the person lives, works, or receives mail (including a private post office box, but not a U.S. Postal Service P.O. Box).

What if the court papers do not get served?
The judge cannot hear your case unless the court papers were served correctly.

Can the court serve the papers for me?
Yes. You can pay the court to mail your claim to the person you are suing. But if the person you are suing or the person's agent for service doesn't sign the U.S. Postal Service mail receipt with his or her complete name, or if someone else signs the receipt, you will have to serve again using personal or substituted service.

Who can serve?
You can ask a friend, a process server, or the sheriff. The server must be at least 18 and not listed in the case.

A "process server" is someone you pay to deliver court forms. Look in the Yellow Pages under "Process Serving." The sheriff (or marshal if your county has one) can also deliver court forms. Ask the court clerk how to contact the sheriff. Or look in the county section of your phone book under "Sheriff." You must pay the server, unless you qualify for a fee waiver.

How is personal service done?
Ask someone who is at least 18 and not listed in this case to personally "serve" (give) a copy of your court papers to the person or the agent authorized to accept court papers for the person, business, or public entity listed on form SC-104.

Give the server a separate Proof of Service form for each person, business, or public entity you are suing. And tell the server to:
- Walk up to the person to be served.
- Say, "These are court papers."
- Give the person copies of all papers checked on form SC-104, Proof of Service. If the person won't take the papers, just leave them near the person. It doesn't matter if the person tears them up.
- Fill out and sign page 2 of form SC-104, Proof of Service.

How is substituted service done?
If you don't want to use personal service or can't find the person to be served, ask someone who is at least 18 and not listed in this case to serve the court papers.

Give the server a separate Proof of Service form for each person, business, or public entity you are suing. Tell the server to give the papers to:
- A competent adult (at least 18) at the home of and living with the person to be served or
- An adult who seems to be in charge where the person to be served usually works or
- An adult who seems to be in charge where the person receives mail (including a private mailbox, but not a U.S. Postal Service P.O. Box). Note: This is only for cases where the physical address of the person to be served is not known.

Then do the following:
- Write down that person's name and say, "Please give these court papers to [name of person to be served]." If the person does not want to give his or her name, describe the person you served.
- Give that person copies of all papers checked on form SC-104, Proof of Service. If the person won't take the papers, just leave them near the person.
- Mail another copy of the papers (by first-class mail) to the person being sued at the same address where you left the papers.
- Fill out and sign page 2 of form SC-104, Proof of Service.

What Is "Proof of Service"? (Small Claims)
SC-104B, Page 1 of 2

--- PAGE BREAK ---

SC-104B What Is "Proof of Service"?

What does the server do with the original Proof of Service form?
If a process server or sheriff served the papers, he or she can file form SC-104, Proof of Service, with the clerk. If the server used a different Proof of Service form, ask him or her to list each paper served on the form. Also make sure that the registered server will file the original directly with the court and will mail you a copy of the filed form. Take it with you when you go to court.

If a friend served the papers, tell him or her to give the completed form back to you. Keep a copy for your records and take the copy with you when you go to court.

You need to file the original completed Proof of Service form 5 days before your trial.

When do the court forms have to be served?
- If you are serving form SC-100, Plaintiff's Claim, or form SC-500, Plaintiff's Claim (COVID-19 Rental Debt), look at the trial date on page 1. Then, look at a calendar.

For personal service, subtract 15 days from the trial date (or 20 days if the person, business, or public entity is located outside the county). That's the deadline for serving your small claims forms. But you can serve the forms before the deadline.

The people in (1) and (2) must go to court

Trial Date
Date Time
1. __________

For substituted service, subtract 25 days from the date the server mailed a copy of the court papers served (or 30 days if the person, business, or public entity is located outside the county). That's the deadline for serving your small claims forms. But you can serve the forms before the deadline.

If the person, business, or public entity to be served is outside California or if you are serving a different form, ask the Small Claims Advisor for more information.

- If you are serving form SC-120, Defendant's Claim, look at the trial date on page 1. Then look at a calendar.

What if I can't get the court papers served before the trial?
If you were not able to serve your claim (form SC-100, SC-120, or SC-500) before the deadline for service, talk to your Small Claims Clerk. Each county has its own rules.

If you already served your claim on some parties but not everyone you are suing, you may need to fill out and file form SC-150, Request to Postpone Trial, at least 10 days before the trial date (or explain why you couldn't meet the 10-day deadline). Then give or mail a copy of this form to all other plaintiffs and defendants listed on your court papers.

The court may postpone your trial for 15 days or more.

Who do I have to serve?
If you are suing a person (or people)—not a business or public entity—serve each person you are suing. For example, if you were in a car accident and you are suing the owner and the driver of the car, you must list the names of the owner and the driver on your claim and serve both people.

Examples:
If the owner and driver are the same person: Lee Smith, owner and driver
If the owner and driver are not the same person: Lee Smith, owner and driver Bob Smith, owner
If you are suing a business, an association, or a public entity, read form SC-104C, How to Serve a Business.

Need help?
Your county's Small Claims Advisor can help for free.

Or go to "County-Specific Court Information" at www.courts.ca.gov/selfhelp-smallclaims.htm

Rev. November 1, 2021
What Is "Proof of Service"? (Small Claims)
SC-104B, Page 2 of 2
For your protection and privacy, please press the Clear This Form button after you have printed the form.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

SC-104 Proof of Service

Use this form to serve a person, a business, or a public entity. To learn more about proof of service, read What Is "Proof of Service"? Form SC-104B. To learn more about how to serve a business or entity, read How to Serve a Business or Public Entity, Form SC-104C.

To serve a business, you must serve one of the following people:
- Owner (for a sole proprietorship)
- Partner (for a partnership) or general partner (for a limited partnership)
- Any officer or general manager (corporation or association)
- Any person authorized for service by the business (corporation, association, general partnership, limited partnership)
- Any person authorized for service with the Secretary of State (corporation, association, limited liability company [LLC], limited liability partnership [LLP], limited partnership)

To serve a public entity, you must first file a claim with that entity, then serve one of the following people:
- Clerk (of a city or county)
- Chief officer or director (of a public agency)
- Any person authorized for service by the entity

1. If you are serving a person, write the person's name below:

2. If you are serving a business or entity, write the name of the business or entity, the person authorized for service, and that person's job title:

Business or Agency Name

Person Authorized for Service Job Title

2 Instructions to Server:
You must be at least 18 years old and not be named in this case. Follow these steps:
- Give a copy of all the documents checked in (3) to the person in (1), or
- Give a copy of all the documents checked in (3) to one of the following people:
a. A competent adult (at least 18) living with, and at the home of the person in (1), or
b. An adult (at least 18) who seems to be in charge at the usual workplace of the person in (1), or
c. An adult (at least 18) who seems to be in charge where the person in (1) usually receives mail (but not a U.S. Post Office box), if there is no known physical address for the person in (1). and mail a copy of the documents left with one of the adults in a, b, or c above to the person in (1).

THEN
- Complete and sign this form, and
- Give or mail your completed form to the person who asked you to serve these court papers, in time for the form to be filed with the court at least 5 days before the hearing.

3 I served the person in (1) a copy of the documents checked below:
a. SC-100, Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court
b. SC-120, Defendant's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court
c. Order for examination (This form must be personally served. Check the form that was served):
Note: The court can issue a civil arrest warrant if the served party does not come to court only if the order for examination was personally served by a registered process server, sheriff, marshal, or someone appointed by the court.

(1) SC-134, Application and Order to Produce Statement of Assets and to Appear for Examination
(2) AT-138/EJ-125, Application and Order for Appearance and Examination
d. Other (specify):

Proof of Service

SC-104, Page 1 of 2

Judicial Council of California, www.courts.ca.gov Revised January 1, 2009. Optional Form

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Case name:

Case Number:

4 Fill out "a" or "b" below:

a. Personal Service: I personally gave copies of the documents checked in (3) to the person in (1) On (date): At (time): a.m. p.m. At this address: City: State: Zip:

b. Substituted Service: I personally gave copies of the documents checked in (3) (a, b, or d) to (check one): A competent adult (at least 18) at the home of, and living with the person in (1), or An adult who seems to be in charge where the person in (1) usually works, or An adult who seems to be in charge where the person in (1) usually receives mail, or has a private post office box (not a U.S. Post Office box), if there is no known physical address for the person in (1). I told that adult, "Please give these court papers to (name of person in (1))." I did this on (date): At (time): a.m. p.m. At this address: City: State: Zip: Name or description of the person I gave the papers to:

After serving the court papers, I put copies of the documents listed in (3) in an envelope, sealed the envelope, and put first-class prepaid postage on it. I addressed the envelope to the person in (1) at the address where I left the copies. I mailed the envelope on (date): from (city, state): by leaving it (check one): a. At a U.S. Postal Service mail drop, or b. At an office or business mail drop where I know the mail is picked up every day and deposited with the U.S. Postal Service, or c. With someone else I asked to mail the documents to the person in (1), and I have attached that person's completed Form SC-104A.

5 Server's Information Name: Phone: Address: City: State: Zip: Fee for service: $ If you are a registered process server: County of registration: Registration number:

6 I declare under penalty of perjury under California state law that I am at least 18 years old and not named in this case and that the information above is true and correct. Date: Type or print server's name Server signs here after serving

Proof of Service (Small Claims) SC-104, Page 2 of 2

For your protection and privacy, please press the Clear This Form button after you have printed the form.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

SC-104A Proof of Mailing (Substituted Service)

Use Number:

This form is attached to Form SC-104. Use this form ONLY if you mailed the documents in (1) and someone else personally gave them to the person, business, or public entity served.

Notice to Server

You must:
- Be at least 18 and not listed in this lawsuit.
- Fill out (1)-(6) of this form and attach it to Form SC-104.

1. Documents served by mail:
a. SC-100, Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court
b. SC-120, Defendant's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court
c. Other (specify):

2. Name and address of the person, business, or public entity served:
a. If you served a person, write the person's name and address below:
Name:
Address:
Street
City
State
Zip

b. If you served a business or public entity, write the name and address of the business or public entity, the person authorized for service, and that person's job title:

Business or Public Entity Name
Person Authorized for Service
Job Title
Address:
Street
City
State
Zip

3. I put copies of the documents listed in (1) above in an envelope, sealed the envelope, and put first-class prepaid postage on it. I addressed the envelope to the person, business, or public entity listed in (2) and mailed the envelope by leaving it at (check one):
a. A U.S. Postal Service mail drop or
b. An office or business mail drop where I know the mail is picked up every day and deposited with the U.S. Postal Service.

4. I mailed the envelope:
a. On (date):
b. From (city, state):

5. My address is:

6. I declare, under penalty of perjury under California State law, that the information above is true and correct.

Date:
Type or print server's name
Server signs here after mailing

Proof of Mailing (Substituted Service)
(Small Claims)
SC-104A, Page 1 of 1

For your protection and privacy, please press the Clear This Form button after you have printed the form.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

SC-103
Fictitious Business Name

This form is attached to:
Form SC-100
Form SC-120
Form SC-500

1. If you want to file a small claim and you are doing business under a fictitious name ("doing business as," or "dba") give the following information. (Nonprofits and exempt real estate investment trusts do not have to file this form.)
Business name of the person suing:
Business address (not a U.S. Postal Service P.O. Box):
Mailing address (if different):

2. The business listed in 1 does business as (check ONLY one):
an individual
a corporation
an association
a limited liability company
a partnership
other (specify):

You must follow the laws for fictitious business names. If you have not followed these laws, including filing a fictitious business name statement in your county and publishing this information in a local newspaper, the court can dismiss your case.

3. Name of county where you filed your Fictitious Business Name Statement (dba):

4. Your Fictitious Business Name Statement number:

5. Date your Fictitious Business Name Statement expires:

6. I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that the information above is true and correct. Only the owner, president, chief executive officer (CEO), or other qualified officer can sign this form.

Date:
Type or print your name and title
Sign your name

Need help?
Your county's Small Claims Advisor can help for free.

Or go to "County-Specific Court Information" at www.courts.ca.gov/selfhelp-smallclaims

Judicial Council of California, www.courts.ca.gov Rev. November 1, 2021, Optional Form Code of Civil Procedure, § 116.430 Business and Professions Code, § 17800 et seq. For your protection and privacy, please press the Clear This Form button after you have printed the form.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

This is a page from a San Francisco small claims court document. Extract all text exactly as it appears. Include party names, dates, claim amounts, rulings, and any other information on the page. Output plain text only.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

This is a page from a San Francisco small claims court document. Extract all text exactly as it appears. Include party names, dates, claim amounts, rulings, and any other information on the page. Output plain text only.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

ATTORNEY OR PARTY WITHOUT ATTORNEY STATE BAR:
NAME:
FIRM NAME:
STREET ADDRESS:
CITY AND ZIP CODE:
E-MAIL ADDRESS:
ATTORNEY FOR (NAME):

SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA, COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO
STREET ADDRESS: SMALL CLAIMS
MAILING ADDRESS: 400 MCALLISTER STREET, ROOM 103
CITY AND ZIP CODE: SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94102
BRANCH NAME: CIVIC CENTER COURTHOUSE

PLAINTIFF/PETITIONER:
DEFENDANT/RESPONDENT:

REQUEST FOR CERTIFIED MAIL
(CASE NUMBER:)

I am the □ Plaintiff □ Defendant in the above titled action and hereby request that my claim be served via certified mail addressed as follows:

Party Name:
Agent for Service (if applicable):
Party or Agent for Service Address:
City, State, and Zip Code:

Note: The clerk will attempt to serve your claim by certified mail, return receipt requested, restricted delivery (to be signed by the addressee only) for a $15.00 fee for each party served. THIS SERVICE IS NOT GUARANTEED TO BE RELIABLE. THERE IS NO REFUND IF THE PARTY IS NOT SERVED.

THE COURT WILL NOT NOTIFY YOU AS TO WHETHER OR NOT THE CLAIM HAS BEEN SERVED. You may call the Small Claims Office or visit the court's website at https://www.sfsuperiorcourt.org to learn if the party has been served.

Date:
Signature
Printed Name:

REQUEST FOR CERTIFIED MAIL

SFSCL-003
Rev. Apr-04-2017
Page 1 of 3

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Instructions: How to Properly Address the Request for Certified Mail

To effect service upon the defendant, the return receipt mail must name and identify the proper person to be served. The proper person to be served varies with the legal entity of the defendant. The four categories of legal entities appearing below, (i.e. individuals, sole proprietorships, partnerships and corporations), comprise the vast majority of parties to small claims actions. Before completing this form, examine the appropriate section below to determine to whom the mail should be addressed.

1. Defendant is an INDIVIDUAL: The return receipt mail must be addressed to that individual and the receipt signed by that individual and no other.

Example
(Home Address)
Name: John Doe
Street: 500 Washington Street
City & Zip: San Francisco, CA 94131
(Work Address)
Name: John Doe
Title: In care of
Company: Plastics Manufacturing Inc.
Street: 750 10th Street
City & Zip: Oakland, CA 94610

2. Defendant is a SOLE PROPRIETORSHIP: John Doe IND & DBA John's Towing Service. The mail must be addressed to the proprietor (owner) and the receipt must be signed by the proprietor and no other person.

Example
Name: John Doe
Title: Owner & Individual
Company: John's Towing Service
Street: 600 Brannan Street
City & Zip: San Francisco, CA 94103

3. Defendant is a PARTNERSHIP: AZY Cleaners, a partnership consisting of John Doe & Mary Doe and each individually. To serve the partnership and each partner as individuals, a separate letter must be addressed to each partner.

Example
Name: John Doe
Title: Partner & Individual
Company: AZY Cleaners
Street: 500 Geary Blvd.
City & Zip: San Francisco CA 94118
Name: Mary Doe
Title: Partner & Individual
Company: AZY Cleaners
Street: 500 Geary Blvd.
City & Zip: San Francisco CA 94118

In the above example, if only one of the partners signs the return receipt, the partnership and the partner who signed the receipt would be deemed served. The other partner as an individual would not have been deemed served. To serve only the partnership and not the partners as individuals; the return receipt mail must be addressed to: one of the partners, the general manager (not the same as manager), or the designated agent for service of process. The mail must name the person and their title, and the return receipt must be signed by that person and no other.

REQUEST FOR CERTIFIED MAIL

SFSCL-003
Rev. Apr-04-2017
Page 2 of 3

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Note: Most partnerships have neither a general manager nor an agent for service of process other than the partners themselves.

4. Defendant is a CORPORATION: Jones Oil Co., Inc. The return receipt mail must be addressed to and the receipt signed by one of the following: president; vice-president; general manager (not the same as manager); secretary or assistant secretary; treasurer or assistant treasurer; or a person authorized by the corporation to receive service of process.

Note: The return receipt mail must contain the name and title of the person, and the receipt must be signed by the person it is addressed to and no other.

Example
Name: Mary Jones Name: John Doe Name: C.T. Corporation
Title: President Title: Authorized agent for Title: Authorized agent for
Company: Jones Oil Co., Inc. receipt of process for receipt of process for
Street: 100 Windfall Way Company: Jones Oil Co., Inc. Street: 600 Montgomery Street
City & Zip: San Francisco, CA City & Zip: Los Angeles, CA City & Zip: Los Angeles, CA
94118 90017 90017

Note: In the second and third examples the mail is sent to the agent's address not the address of the defendant. In the third example, if a corporation has authorized a second corporation for receiving service of process, the person at the agent corporation may sign the receipt.

SFSCL-003
Rev. Apr-04-2017

REQUEST FOR CERTIFIED MAIL