SC-104 Proof Service

Use this form to serve a person, business, or public entity. To learn more about proof of service, read What Is Proof of Service?, Form SC-104B. To learn more about how to serve a business or public entity, read How to Serve a Business, Form SC-104C.

To serve a business, you must serve one of the following people:
- Owner (for a sole proprietorship or a business, form unknown)
- Partner (for a partnership) or general partner (for a limited partnership)
- Any officer or general manager (corporation or association)
- Any person authorized for service by the business (corporation, association, General partnership, limited partnership)
- Any person authorized for service with the Secretary of State (corporation, association, limited-liability company (LLC), limited-liability partnership (LLP), limited partnership)

To serve a public entity, you must first file a claim with that entity, then serve one of the following people:
- Clerk (of a city or county)
- Chief officer or director (of a public agency)
- Any person authorized for service by the entity.

1. If you are serving a person, write the person's name below:

b. If you are serving a business or public entity, write the name of the business or entity, the person authorized for service, and that person's job title:

FREEDOM MORTGAGE CORPORATION
Business or Agency Name

CT CORPORATION SYSTEM, Registered Agent, By Serving Jacqueline M. - AUTHORIZED AGENT
Person Authorized for Service - Job Title

2. Instructions to Server

You must be at least 18 years old and not be named in this case. Follow these steps:
- Give a copy of the documents checked in (3) to the person in (1), or
- Give a copy of the documents checked in (3) to:
  a. A competent adult (at least 18) at the home of and living with the person in (1) or
  b. An adult (at least 18) who seems to be in charge or
  c. An adult (at least 18) who seems to be in charge at the place where the person receives mail (not a U.S. Postal Service P.O. Box), if there is no known physical address for the person in (1). and mail a copy of the documents left with one of the adults in a, b, or c above to the person in (1).

THEN
- Complete and sign this form, and
- Give or mail your completed form to the person who asked you to serve these court papers, in time for the form to be filed with the court at least 5 days before the hearing.

3. I served the person in (1) a copy of the documents checked below:
a. SC-100, Plaintiff's Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claim Court
b. SC-120, Defendants Claim and ORDER to Go to Small Claims Court
c. Order for Examination (This form must be personally served. Put a check mark next to the form that was served):

Note: The court can issue a civil arrest warrant if the served party does not come to court but only if the Order for Examination was personally served by a registered process server, sheriff, marshal, or someone appointed by the court.

(1) SC-134, Application and Order to Produce Statement of Assets and to Appear for Examination
(2) AT-138/EJ-125, Application and Order for Appearance and Examination

d. Other (specify): SMALL CLAIMS SUBPOENA FOR PERSONAL APPEARANCE AND PRODUCTION OF DOCUMENTS AND THINGS AT TRIAL OR HEARING AND DECLARATION

Judicial Council of California, www.courthinfo.ca.gov Revised January 1, 2008, Optional Form Code of Civil Procedure, § 116.340, 415.10, 415.20

PROOF OF SERVICE (Small Claims)

By Fax

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Case name: William Smith vs. FREEDOM MORTGAGE CORPORATION

Fill out "a" or "b" below:

a. Personal Service: I personally gave copies of the documents checked in (3) to the person in (1):

On (date): 2/4/2026 At (time): 12:30 PM

At this address: 330 N Brand Blvd

City: Glendale State: CA Zip: 91203-2308

b. Substituted Service: I personally gave copies of the documents checked in (3) (a, b, or d) to (check one):

□ A competent adult (at least 18) at the home of, and living with the person in (1) or

□ An adult (at least 18) who seems to be in charge where the person in (1) usually works or

□ An adult (at least 18) who seems to be in charge where the person in (1) receives mail, or has a private mailbox (not a U.S. Postal Service P.O. Box), if there is no known physical address for the person in (1).

I told that adult, "Please give these court papers to (name of person in (1)).

I did this on (date): At (time):

At this address:

City/State/Zip:

Name or description of the person I gave the papers to: Jacqueline M - Process Specialist AGE: 31-35 HEIGHT: 5'1 - 5'6 WEIGHT: 121-140 Lbs HAIR: Black RACE: Latino EYES: Brown

After serving the court papers, I put copies of the documents listed in (3) in an envelope, sealed the envelope, and put first-class prepaid postage on it. I addressed the envelope to the person in (1) at the address where I left the copies.

I mailed the envelope on (date): from (city, state):

by leaving it at (check one):

a. At a U.S. Postal Service mail drop, or

b. At an office or business mail drop where I know the mail is picked up every day and deposited with the U.S. Postal Service, or

C. With someone else I asked to mail the documents to the person in (1), and I have attached that person's completed Form SC-104A.

Server's Information

Name: Dion Jones Phone: (213) 249-9988

Address: 1609 James M. Wood Blvd.

City: Los Angeles, CA 90015

Fee for service: $125.00

(If you are a registered process server):

County of registration: Los Angeles Registration number: 2013128925

I declare, under penalty of perjury under California State law, that I am at least 18 years old and not listed in this case and that the information above is true and correct.

Date: 2/4/2026

Dion Jones Type or print server's name Server signs here after serving

PROOF OF SERVICE (Small Claims) SC-104, Page 2 of 2