FW-003 Order on Court Fee Waiver (Superior Court)

Clerk stamps date here when form is filed.

F I L E D
Superior Court of California
County of San Francisco
MAR 20 2026
CLERK OF THE COURT
By: Deputy Clerk

Fill in court name and street address:
Superior Court of California, County of
SAN FRANCISCO
SMALL CLAIMS DEPARTMENT
400 MCALLISTER ST., RM. 103
SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94102-4512

Fill in case number and name:
Case Number: CSM-26-871347
Case Name: MARCUS VS. DPN

1 Person who asked the court to waive court fees:
Name: JASON OBERON MARCUS
Street or mailing address: 345 6TH STREET, #103
City: SAN FRANCISCO State: CA Zip: 94103

2 Lawyer, if person in (1) has one (name, firm name, address, phone number, e-mail, and State Bar number):

3 A request to waive court fees was filed on (date): MAR 20 2026
The court made a previous fee waiver order in this case on (date):

Read this form carefully. All checked boxes are court orders.

Notice: The court may order you to answer questions about your finances and later order you to pay back the waived fees. If this happens and you do not pay, the court can make you pay the fees and also charge you collection fees. If there is a change in your financial circumstances during this case that increases your ability to pay fees and costs, you must notify the trial court within five days. (Use form FW-010.) If you win your case, the trial court may order the other side to pay the fees. If you settle your civil case for $10,000 or more, the trial court will have a lien on the settlement in the amount of the waived fees. The trial court may not dismiss the case until the lien is paid.

4 After reviewing your: Request to Waive Court Fees Request to Waive Additional Court Fees the court makes the following orders:

a. The court grants your request, as follows:

(1) Fee Waiver. The court grants your request and waives your court fees and costs listed below. (Cal. Rules of Court, rules 3.55 and 8.818.) You do not have to pay the court fees for the following:
- Filing papers in superior court
- Making copies and certifying copies
- Sheriff's fee to give notice
- Reporter's fee for attendance at hearing or trial, if the court is not electronically recording the proceeding and you request that the court provide an official reporter
- Assessment for court investigations under Probate Code section 1513, 1826, or 1851
- Preparing, certifying, copying, and sending the clerk's transcript on appeal
- Holding in trust the deposit for a reporter's transcript on appeal under rule 8.130 or 8.834
- Making a transcript or copy of an official electronic recording under rule 8.835

(2) Additional Fee Waiver. The court grants your request and waives your additional superior court fees and costs that are checked below. (Cal. Rules of Court, rule 3.56.) You do not have to pay for the checked items.
Jury fees and expenses
Fees for court-appointed experts
Other (specify):

Order on Court Fee Waiver (Superior Court) FW-003, Page 1 of 3

Judicial Council of California, www.courts.ca.gov Revised September 1, 2019, Mandatory Form Government Code, § 68634(e) Cal. Rules of Court, rule 3.52

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Your name:

Case Number:

If you checked 5a on page 1, do not fill out below. If you checked 5b, fill out questions 7, 8, and 9 only. If you checked 5c, you must fill out this entire page. If you need more space, attach form MC-025 or attach a sheet of paper and write Financial Information and your name and case number at the top.

7 Check here if your income changes a lot from month to month. If it does, complete the form based on your average income for the past 12 months.

8 Your Gross Monthly Income
a. List the source and amount of any income you get each month, including: wages or other income from work before deductions, spousal/child support, retirement, social security, disability, unemployment, military basic allowance for quarters (BAQ), veterans payments, dividends, interest, trust income, annuities, net business or rental income, reimbursement for job-related expenses, gambling or lottery winnings, etc.
(1) $ (2) $ (3) $ (4) $ b. Your total monthly income: $

9 Household Income
a. List the income of all other persons living in your home who depend in whole or in part on you for support, or on whom you depend in whole or in part for support.
Gross Monthly Income
(1) $ (2) $ (3) $ (4) $ b. Total monthly income of persons above: $

Total monthly income and household income (8b plus 9b): $

10 Your Money and Property
a. Cash $ b. All financial accounts (List bank name and amount):
(1) $ (2) $ (3) $ c. Cars, boats, and other vehicles Make / Year Fair Market Value How Much You Still Owe (1) $ (2) $ (3) $ d. Real estate Address Fair Market Value How Much You Still Owe (1) $ (2) $ e. Other personal property (jewelry, furniture, furs, stocks, bonds, etc.): Describe Fair Market Value How Much You Still Owe (1) $ (2) $

11 Your Monthly Deductions and Expenses
a. List any payroll deductions and the monthly amount below:
(1) $ (2) $ (3) $ (4) $ b. Rent or house payment & maintenance $ c. Food and household supplies $ d. Utilities and telephone $ e. Clothing $ f. Laundry and cleaning $ g. Medical and dental expenses $ h. Insurance (life, health, accident, etc.) $ i. School, child care $ j. Child, spousal support (another marriage) $ k. Transportation, gas, auto repair and insurance $ l. Installment payments (list each below):
Paid to:
(1) $ (2) $ (3) $ m. Wages/earnings withheld by court order $ n. Any other monthly expenses (list each below):
Paid to:
(1) $ (2) $ (3) $ Total monthly expenses (add 11a - 11n above): $

To list any other facts you want the court to know, such as unusual medical expenses, etc., attach form MC-025 or attach a sheet of paper and write Financial Information and your name and case number at the top.
Check here if you attach another page. Important! If your financial situation or ability to pay court fees improves, you must notify the court within five days on form FW-010.

Request to Waive Court Fees
FW-001, Page 2 of 2

For your protection and privacy, please press the Clear This Form button after you have printed the form.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Case Number:
CSM-26-871347

Your name: JASON OBERON MARCUS

b. The court denies your fee waiver request because:

Warning! If you miss the deadline below, the court cannot process your request for hearing or the court papers you filed with your original request. If the papers were a notice of appeal, the appeal may be dismissed.

(1) Your request is incomplete. You have 10 days after the clerk gives notice of this Order (see date of service on next page) to:
- Pay your fees and costs, or
- File a new revised request that includes the incomplete items listed:
  Below  On Attachment 4b(1)

(2) The information you provided on the request shows that you are not eligible for the fee waiver you requested for the reasons stated:
  Below  On Attachment 4b(2)

The court has enclosed a blank Request for Hearing About Court Fee Waiver Order (Superior Court) (form FW-006). You have 10 days after the clerk gives notice of this order (see date of service below) to:
- Pay your fees and costs in full or the amount listed in c below, or
- Ask for a hearing in order to show the court more information. (Use form FW-006 to request hearing.)

c. (1) The court needs more information to decide whether to grant your request. You must go to court on the date on page 3. The hearing will be about the questions regarding your eligibility that are stated:
  Below  On Attachment 4c(1)

(2) Bring the items of proof to support your request, if reasonably available, that are listed:
  Below  On Attachment 4c(2)

This is a Court Order.
Order on Court Fee Waiver (Superior Court)
FW-003, Page 2 of 3

--- PAGE BREAK ---

FW-001 Request to Waive Court Fees

CONFIDENTIAL
Clerk stamps date here when form is filed.

Fill in court name and street address:
Superior Court of California, County of
SAN FRANCISCO
SMALL CLAIMS DIVISION
400 MCALLISTER ST., RM. 103
SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94102

Fill in case number and name:
Case Number:
Case Name:

1 Your Information (person asking the court to waive the fees):
Name:
Street or mailing address:
City: State: Zip:
Phone:

2 Your Job, if you have one (job title):
Name of employer:
Employer's address:

3 Your Lawyer, if you have one (name, firm or affiliation, address, phone number, and State Bar number):

a. The lawyer has agreed to advance all or a portion of your fees or costs (check one): Yes No
b. (If yes, your lawyer must sign here) Lawyer's signature:
If your lawyer is not providing legal-aid type services based on your low income, you may have to go to a hearing to explain why you are asking the court to waive the fees.

4 What court's fees or costs are you asking to be waived?
□ Superior Court (See Information Sheet on Waiver of Superior Court Fees and Costs (form FW-001-INFO).)
□ Supreme Court, Court of Appeal, or Appellate Division of Superior Court (See Information Sheet on Waiver of Appellate Court Fees (form APP-015/FW-015-INFO).)

5 Why are you asking the court to waive your court fees?
a. I receive (check all that apply; see form FW-001-INFO for definitions):
Food Stamps Supp. Sec. Inc. SSP Medi-Cal County Relief/Gen. Assit. IHSS CalWORKS or Tribal TANF CAPI WIC Unemployment
b. My gross monthly household income (before deductions for taxes) is less than the amount listed below. (If you check 5b, you must fill out 7, 8, and 9 on page 2 of this form.)
Family Size Family Income Family Size Family Income Family Size Family Income
1 $2,608.33 3 $4,441.67 5 $6,275.00
2 $3,525.00 4 $5,358.33 6 $7,191.67
c. I do not have enough income to pay for my household's basic needs and the court fees. I ask the court to:
(check one and you must fill out page 2):
□ waive all court fees and costs □ waive some of the court fees □ let me make payments over time

6 Check here if you asked the court to waive your court fees for this case in the last six months.
(If your previous request is reasonably available, please attach it to this form and check here): No

I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that the information I have provided on this form and all attachments is true and correct.

Date:

Print your name here
Sign here

Request to Waive Court Fees
FW-001, Page 1 of 2

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Your name: JASON OBERON MARCUS

Case Number: CSM-26-871347

MAY 05 2026 3:30PM DEPT506

Hearing Date
Date: Time:
Dept.: Room:

Name and address of court if different from above:

Warning! If item c(1) is checked, and you do not go to court on your hearing date, the judge will deny your request to waive court fees, and you will have 10 days to pay your fees. If you miss that deadline, the court cannot process the court papers you filed with your request. If the papers were a notice of appeal, the appeal may be dismissed.

Date: MAR 20 2026
Signature of (check one): √ Judicial Officer √ Clerk, Deputy

Request for Accommodations

Assistive listening systems, computer-assisted real-time captioning, or sign language interpreter services are available if you ask at least five days before the hearing. Contact the clerk's office for Request for Accommodations by Persons With Disabilities and Response (form MC-410). (Civ. Code, § 54.8.)

Clerk's Certificate of Service

I certify that I am not involved in this case and (check one):
I handed a copy of this Order to the party and attorney, if any, listed in (1) and (2), at the court, on the date below.
□ This order was mailed first class, postage paid, to the party and attorney, if any, at the addresses listed in (1) and (2), from (city):
□ A certificate of mailing is attached.

Date: MAR 20 2026

CASSANDRA VASQUEZ
Clerk, by CASSANDRA VASQUEZ, Deputy

This is a Court Order.
Order on Court Fee Waiver (Superior Court)
FW-003, Page 3 of 3