SC-108 Request to Correct or Cancel Judgment and Answer

Clerk stamps date here when form is filed.

FILED
Superior Court of California
County of San Francisco
MAR 10 2026
CLERK OF THE COURT
By:
Deputy Clerk

Fill in court name and street address:

Superior Court of California, County of
San Francisco
Small Claims Division
400 McAllister Street
San Francisco, CA 94102

Fill in your case number and case name below:

Case Number:
CSM-25-870215
Case Name:
JESSICA KENNEDY VS. A1
PROTECTIVE SERVICES

Request
This form is used to ask the court to correct or cancel a small claims judgment. You must file this form no later than 30 days after the clerk mailed form SC-130, Notice of Entry of Judgment. Filing this form does not extend the deadline to file an appeal.

If you are the person asking the court to correct or cancel a judgment, fill out 1-5 on this page, then file it at the clerk's office. The clerk will mail a copy of the form to all other plaintiffs and defendants in your case. The court will give the other plaintiffs and defendants at least 10 days to answer this Request. The court will mail its decision to you or tell you to go to a court hearing. If you did not go to the trial, you must use form SC-135, Notice of Motion to Vacate Judgment and Declaration.

If you receive this form, read below, then fill out 6 through 9 on page 2. The court will mail its decision to you or tell you to go to a court hearing.

1 The person asking the court to correct or cancel a judgment is:
Name: Jessica Kennedy
Address: PO Box 1198, Sacramento, CA 95812-1198
Check one: A defendant in this case
A plaintiff in this case

2 Notice to:
(List names and addresses of all other defendants and plaintiffs in your case.)
Name Address
a. A1 PROTECTIVE SERVICES 5 Thomas Mellon Cir., Suite 156, San Francisco, CA 94124
b. 
c. 
d. 
□ Check here if you need more space. Use form MC-031 or a plain sheet of paper. Write "SC-108, Item 2" on top.

3 I ask the court to (check one):
a. Correct the following clerical error in the judgment.
List the error:
Change to:
Explain why this correction is needed:

b. □ Cancel the judgment because the court applied the wrong law to this case. (Explain):
The court committed a legal error by failing to apply the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), California Rules of Court Rule 1.100, and fundamental procedural due process.

□ Check here if you need more space. Use form MC-031 or a plain sheet of paper. Write "SC-108, Item 3" on top.

4 In making its order, I ask the court to consider the information on this form, any records on file, and, if the court holds a hearing, the evidence presented at that hearing.

5 I declare under penalty of perjury under California state law that the information above and on all attachments is true and correct.
Date: 3/6/2026
Jessica Kennedy
Type or print your name
Sign your name

Request to Correct or Cancel Judgment and Answer (Small Claims)
SC-108, Page 1 of 2

--- PAGE BREAK ---

SC-108, Item 3

Declaration in Support of Request to Cancel Judgment

Case Number: CSM-25-870215

Plaintiff: Jessica Kennedy

Defendant: A1 Protective Services

Court: Superior Court of California, County of San Francisco

I, Jessica Kennedy, declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that the following is true and correct:

1. Denial of Equal Access and Meaningful Hearing: I am requesting the Court to cancel the judgment entered against me on the grounds of a fundamental denial of due process and a failure to provide equal access to the court under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA). Due to a physical disability that prevents me from walking, I requested to appear remotely via Zoom. While the remote appearance was technically granted, the execution of the hearing effectively penalized me for my disability.

2. Timeliness of Accommodation Request: My request for a remote hearing was filed on February 20, 2025, for a hearing scheduled on March 5, 2025. This provided ample advance notice. However, at the hearing, the presiding judge stated the request was filed "late". When I attempted to state my mobility limitations for the record to establish the necessity of the accommodation, the judge immediately moved to the next topic and questioned the Defendant, preventing me from speaking.

3. Disparate Treatment of Evidence: Prior to the trial, I submitted my photographic evidence to the court system, as I was unable to submit it in person due to my disability. During the hearing, the judge initially claimed not to have my evidence and stated that courts do not normally take and retain evidence ahead of time and that I needed to be in person to provide it. While the judge eventually located my digital files, this demonstrated a clear bias against the accommodated remote process.

4. Prejudice Regarding Opposing Evidence: Most critically, the judge accepted "last minute" physical evidence from the Defendant during the hearing. Because I was

--- PAGE BREAK ---

5. Penalization for Disability: The judge explicitly stated on the record that I was "not credible" because I was not able to scrutinize the opposing party's evidence. My inability to scrutinize the evidence was directly caused by my disability and the court's failure to facilitate a procedural method for a remote participant to view or hear in-court exhibits. Penalizing a plaintiff's credibility solely because they require an ADA accommodation to appear is a violation of due process.

For these reasons, the hearing was procedurally unfair. I respectfully request that the judgment be canceled and a new hearing be granted where my ADA accommodations are fully integrated into the evidence review process, allowing for a fair and equal trial.

Jessica Kennedy, Plaintiff

--- PAGE BREAK ---

SC-108 Request to Correct or Cancel Judgment and Answer

Answer

The person listed in ① on page 1 of this form has asked the court to correct or cancel the judgment in your small claims case.
Follow these steps to tell the court what you want to do about this request:
- Read page 1 to see what the person in ① is asking for.
- Fill out ⑥-⑨ below.
- Mail your completed form to the court right away.
- Mail a copy of this form to each plaintiff and defendant listed in ① and ② on page 1 of this form.

The court will mail its decision to all plaintiffs and defendants at least 10 days after the Request was mailed. If you do nothing, the court may make the order without hearing from you.

6 The person filing this answer is:
Name: A1 PROTECTIVE SERVICES
Address: 5 Thomas Mellon Cir., Suite 156, San Francisco, CA 94124
Check one: A defendant in this case A plaintiff in this case

7 Tell the court what you want to do about the request.
(Check all that apply):
a. I agree to the correction requested in ③a.
b. I agree to the cancellation of judgment requested in ③b.
c. I do not agree with the request in ③a. (Explain):

d. I do not agree with the request in ③b. (Explain):

e. I ask the court to have a hearing to decide this matter.
Check here if you need more space. Use form MC-031 or a plain sheet of paper. Write "SC-108, Item 7" on top.

8 I mailed a copy of this form to everyone listed in ① and ② of this form on (date):

9 I declare under penalty of perjury under California state law that the information above and on all attachments is true and correct.
Date:

Type or print your name

Sign your name

The clerk fills out below.

Clerk's Certificate of Mailing
I certify that I am not involved in this case and (check one):
A Certificate of Mailing is attached.
The Request to Correct or Cancel Judgment and Answer was mailed first class, postage paid, to all parties at the address listed in ① on (date):
From (city): San Francisco, California
Clerk, by CASSANDRA VASQUEZ, Deputy

Revised July 1, 2025
Request to Correct or Cancel Judgment and Answer (Small Claims)
SC-108, Page 2 of 2

For your protection and privacy, please press the Clear This Form button after you have printed the form.