UPERIOR COURT OF CALIFOR
COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO
400 MCALLISTER STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94102-4514

MICHAEL LUKSO
Small Claims Division
F I L E D
Superior Court of California
Case Number: CSM-25-870380
CUSHMAN WAKEFIELD
OCT 24 2025
CLERK OF THE COURT
JUDGMENT
OCT 22 2025
This cause came on regularly for proceeding on in Department 506 before the
Honorable M FREDRICKS , Commissioner/Judge Pro Tem.
Defendant shall pay Plaintiff:

in the amount of:
$ 1845 PRINCIPAL $ INTEREST $ + COSTS

Terms/other orders

Plaintiff shall pay defendant(s)

in the amount of:
$ PRINCIPAL $ INTEREST $ COSTS

Terms/other orders

Enforcement of the judgment is automatically postponed for 30 days.

Plaintiff testified that defendant is not in the military service of the United States as defined in Section 101 of the Soldiers' and Sailors' Relief Act of 1940, and not entitled to the benefits of th Act.

This judgment results from a motor vehicle accident on a California highway and was caused by the judgment debtor's operation of a motor vehicle. If the judgment is not paid, you may apply to have the judgment debtor's driver's license suspended.

Payments are to be made at the rate of $ per month, beginning on (date): and on the day of each month thereafter until paid in full. If any payment is missed, the entire balance becomes due immediately.

Submitted on: 10/22/25
Rendered on: 10/22/25
COMMISSIONER/JUDGE PRO TEM OF THE SUPERIOR CO

--- PAGE BREAK ---

This form is used to tell the court you are authorized to appear for a plaintiff or defendant in a small claims case. You may also use this form to ask the court for permission to help a plaintiff or defendant who cannot properly speak for himself or herself.

You cannot appear for a defendant or plaintiff if your only job is to represent him or her in small claims court. If you are a lawyer, you can appear only as authorized by section 116.530 of the Code of Civil Procedure.

Fill out 1 - 4 on this page, then file it with the small claims clerk at or before the trial.

1 List the name, address, and position of the person appearing:
Name: Shavwanna Kumar
Address: 915 Bryant St SF CA 94110
Job title or relationship to the defendant or plaintiff you want to appear for: Property Manager

2 Who are you appearing for?
A defendant in this case (name): Cushman & Wakefield

3 Tell us about the defendant or plaintiff you are appearing for.
I am appearing for a (check one):
Corporation and I am an employee, officer, or director of that corporation.
Partnership and I am an employee, officer, director, or partner of that partnership.
Other business (not a corporation, partnership, or sole proprietorship) and I am an employee, officer, or director of that business.
Government agency or other public entity and I am an employee, officer, or director of that agency or entity.
Sole proprietorship and I am an employee of that business. I am qualified to testify about business records made in the regular course of business at or near the time of the event. The content of the business records is the only issue in this case. (Evidence Code, § 1271).
Plaintiff who was assigned to out-of-state active duty in the U.S. armed forces for more than 6 months after filing this claim. I am not being paid to appear. I have not appeared in small claims court for other people more than 4 times in this calendar year.
Defendant or plaintiff who is in a jail, a prison, or another detention facility now. I am not being paid to appear. I have not appeared in small claims court for other people more than 4 times in this calendar year.
Owner of rental property in California who employs me as a property agent. This claim is about the rental property I manage.
Association created to manage a common interest development and I am an agent, management company representative, or bookkeeper for that association.
Husband or wife and my spouse and I are both listed on this claim and agree that either spouse can appear for the other.
Other (explain):

4 I declare under penalty of perjury under California state law that the information above is true and correct.
Date: 10/22/2025
Shavwanna Kumar
Type or print your name
Sign your name

Judicial Council of California, www.courthinfo.ca.gov Revised January 1, 2007, Optional Form Code of Civil Procedure, § 116.540 Authorization to Appear (Small Claims)