SC-109 Authorization to Appear

This form is used to tell the court you are authorized to appear for a plaintiff or defendant in a small claims case. You may also use this form to ask the court for permission to help a plaintiff or defendant who cannot properly present their claim or defense. If you are a lawyer, you can appear only as authorized by Code of Civil Procedure section 116.530.

After you fill out this form, file it with the small claims clerk at or before the trial.

1 Your name, address, and position:
Name: PAUL SARMIENTO
Address:
1 Dr. Carlton B. Goodlett Pl., Rm. 110 San Francisco, CA 94120

Job title or relationship to the plaintiff or defendant you want to appear for or assist:
Senior Collection Officer

2 Who are you appearing for?
A plaintiff in this case (name):

3 Tell us about the plaintiff or defendant you are appearing for.
I am authorized to appear for a (check one; if you are asking to appear in court to assist a plaintiff or defendant who cannot properly present their claim or defense without assistance, skip this item and complete (4) instead):

a. Corporation and I am an employee, officer, or director of that corporation. Representing the corporation in small claims court is not the only duty of my job.

b. Partnership and I am an employee, officer, director, or partner of that partnership. Representing the partnership in small claims court is not the only duty of my job.

c. Other business (not a corporation, partnership, or sole proprietorship) and I am an employee, officer, or director of that business. Representing the business in small claims court is not the only duty of my job.

d. Government agency or other public entity and I am an employee, officer, or director of that agency or entity. Representing the agency or entity in small claims court is not the only duty of my job.

e. Sole proprietorship and I am an employee of that business. I am qualified to testify about business records made in the regular course of business at or near the time of the event. (Evid. Code, § 1271.) The content of the business records is the only issue in this case. Representing the business in small claims court is not the only duty of my job.

f. Owner of rental property in California who employs me as a property agent. This claim is about the rental property I manage. Representing the owner in small claims court is not the only duty of my job.

g. Association created to manage a common interest development and I am an agent, management company representative, or bookkeeper for that association. Representing the association in small claims court is not the only duty of my job.

(More options on next page)

Authorization to Appear (Small Claims)