SC-108
Request to Correct or Cancel
Judgment and Answer (Small Claims)

Answer

The person listed in (1) on page 1 of this form has asked the court to correct or cancel the judgment in your small claims case. Follow these steps to tell the court what you want to do about this request:
• Read page 1 to see what the person in (1) is asking for.
• Fill out (6)-(9) below.
• Mail your completed form to the court right away.
• Mail a copy of this form to each plaintiff and defendant listed in (1) and (2) on page 1 of this form.

The court will mail its decision to all plaintiffs and defendants at least 10 days after the Request was mailed. If you do nothing, the court may make the order without hearing from you.

6 The person filing this answer is:
Name: Carla Perdomo
Address: 310 08990 Ave #4
Check one in this case:
A defendant in this case
A plaintiff in this case

7 Tell the court what you want to do about the request.
(Chose all that apply):
a. I agree to the correction requested in (3) a.
b. I agree to the cancellation of judgment requested in (3) b.
c. I do not agree with the request in (3) a. (Explain):

d. I do not agree with the request in (3) b. (Explain):

e. I ask the court to have a hearing to decide this matter.

8 I mailed a copy of this form to everyone listed in (1) and (2) of this form on (date): 12/15/25

9 I declare under penalty of perjury under California state law that the information above and on all attachments is true and correct.
Date: 12/15/25
Sign your name: Carla Perdomo

Need help?
For free help, contact your county's Small Claims Advisor:
Or, go to "County-Specific Court Information" at: www.courts.ca.gov/selfhelp-smallclaims.htm

Clerk's Certificate of Mailing
I certify that I am not involved in this case and (check one):
A Certificate of Mailing is attached.
The Request to Correct or Cancel Judgment and Answer was mailed first class, postage paid, to all parties at the addresses listed in (2) on (date): 12/03/25
From (city): San Francisco, California
Clerk, by Cassandra Vasquez, Deputy