MC-030

ATTORNEY OR PARTY WITHOUT ATTORNEY (Name, State Bar number, and address):

SF SPCA
201 Alabama St.
San Francisco, CA 94103

Telephone No.: 415-554-3000
Fax No. (Optional): N/A
E-mail Address (Optional): mrvizdeia0@sfspca.org

ATTORNEY FOR (Name):

SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA, COUNTY OF
STREET ADDRESS: 400 McAllister, Room 103
MAILING ADDRESS: San Francisco, California 94102
CITY AND ZIP CODE: SMALL CLAIMS
BRANCH NAME: SMALL CLAIMS DIVISION

PLAINTIFF/PETITIONER: Louis Ramon Cortez
DEFENDANT/RESPONDENT: SF SPCA

CASE NUMBER: CSM-260-87131

DECLARATION

Defendant's statement of facts and evidence.
See attached.

I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that the foregoing is true and correct.

Date: 03/23/2026

Mary C. Ruiz De La O
Shelter Pals, Legal Department

(SIGNATURE OF DECLARANT)

Attorney for Plaintiff Petitioner Defendant
Respondent Other (Specify): SF SPCA Staff member in Legal Dept.

FORM APPROVED FOR OPTIONAL USE
Judicial Council of California
MC-030 [Rev. January 1, 2008]

--- PAGE BREAK ---

SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA, COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO
SMALL CLAIMS DIVISION

Cortez Ramon Louis,
Plaintiff,
v.
San Francisco Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals,
Defendant

Case No. CSM-26-871131
Hearing Date: March 25, 2026 at 8:30 AM
Department: 506

DEFENDANT'S STATEMENT OF FACTS AND EVIDENCE

--- PAGE BREAK ---

I. INTRODUCTION

Defendant San Francisco Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals ("SF SPCA"), submits this statement in response to Plaintiff Louis Ramon Cortez' ("Plaintiff") insupportable claim that he is owed $6,150.00 – which is not connected to any expense he paid or monetary loss he alleges – for SF SPCA's alleged misrepresentation under California Business and Professions Code § 17500 (Section 17500) – a statute that has no application whatsoever in this case.

Plaintiff's claim fails, and this case should be dismissed, for three principal reasons. First, plaintiff has shown absolutely no economic injury and therefore has no standing to bring this action. Second, his irrational and false description of the SF SPCA's financial aid program is wrong, and makes no sense, as supported by sworn testimony submitted with this brief. And third, even if what he claims was true, it would not violate Section 17500. SF SPCA respectfully requests the Court deny the Plaintiff's claim in full and dismiss the action with prejudice.

II. FACTUAL BACKGROUND

On February 27, 2025, Plaintiff brought his dog Shira into the SF SPCA Veterinary Hospital for an evaluation and review of options for treatment of tumors on the dog's skin and a possible broken tooth. Declaration of Corey Dobyns ("Dobyns Dec."), ¶ 2. Plaintiff reported that his dog had been evaluated by her primary care provider, but that he was interested in comparing prices. Id.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

After that first visit, SF SPCA veterinary staff discussed possible treatment options internally. Id. 3. At no time did staff discuss providing financial assistance to Mr. Cortez. Id. No note of any promised assistance appears in Mr. Cortez' communication log. Id. No cost estimate was provided at that time because staff were still determining an appropriate treatment plan for Shira. Id.

On March 11 and 25, 2025, Plaintiff called to find out when his dog could be scheduled for surgery, and the anticipated cost. Id. 4. At no point during either of these conversations did the SF SPCA offer financial assistance or a cost estimate. Id.

On March 27, 2025, SF SPCA hospital staff had a conversation with Plaintiff where they discussed possible surgery options for his dog, but did not discuss financial assistance for the surgery. Id. 5. Mr. Cortez was told that the SF SPCA's veterinarians could not perform both the surgery and the dental procedure simultaneously because it would result in a 4-5-hour surgery minimum which was not safe for Plaintiff's dog due to her age and size. Id. At that time, hospital staff also explained to Plaintiff that financial aid assistance was not available for Shira, and reconfirmed that it was never promised. Id. Plaintiff chose not to pursue surgery at this time, demanded a refund, and immediately threatened the SF SPCA with legal action for refusing to perform free surgeries on Shira, and for compensation for some unidentified expense. Id.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

On March 28, 2025, Plaintiff emailed the SF SPCA and stated that he was misled about the availability of financial assistance. Id. 6. He again threatened the SF SPCA with legal action if the SF SPCA did not meet his irrational demands for payment despite the fact that he had no economic injury and had never been promised anything. Id. At this point he was only requesting money, and not treatment for his dog. Id.

On April 11, 2025, following further communication from the Plaintiff, a SF SPCA staff member contacted him and assured him that after investigating the matter it was clear from communication logs and conversations with staff that financial assistance was never offered or suggested, and certainly not promised. Id. 7. The staff member explained that standard protocol at the SF SPCA hospital includes explaining the financial assistance process to clients that request that information, which Mr. Cortez did. Id. The protocol includes an explanation of required steps and potential eligibility, but of course no promise is made until the animal patient is evaluated by a veterinarian and a determination is made that the client and their animal are eligible for financial assistance. Id. No such determination was ever made, suggested or promised. Id.

As a separate matter, the SF SPCA staff member explained that Plaintiff's dog had a complex condition that would require an outside specialist and therefore in any event Shira would not qualify for financial assistance. Id. 8. Thus, in

--- PAGE BREAK ---

addition to having never been promised financial assistance, the veterinary care
that Mr. Cortez was requesting fell completely outside of the scope of financial
assistance eligibility, which is why it was never offered. Id. The staff member
concluded her communication with the Plaintiff by apologizing for his confusion
and refunded him the $105 examination fee, as a courtesy from the SF SPCA, and
not because the refund was required or merited. Id.

On June 2nd, 2025, the Plaintiff emailed SF SPCA and again threatened legal
action. Id. 9.

On June 23rd, 2025, an SF SPCA staff member contacted the Plaintiff to
reiterate that financial aid was never promised, and also explained that Shira would
not qualify for financial assistance for the dental procedure because it was an
elective procedure that was never covered by any financial assistance at the SF
SPCA. Id. 10. The staff member reiterated that Shira was also ineligible because
her surgery required a specialist. Id. She confirmed that he received the refund for
the $105 examination fee. Id.

All protocols and communications with Plaintiff followed standard hospital
policy and protocol, with no financial assistance ever suggested or promised. Id. 11.
Despite Plaintiff's claim that this was an urgent matter, eight months later, on
February 2, 2026, he first filed this claim in this Court.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

III. LEGAL DISCUSSION

Plaintiff's claim fails because he does not and cannot establish any of the requisite elements for a cause of action for misrepresentation under California Business and Professions Code § 17500 (Section 17500).

A. LEGAL STANDARD - SECTION 17500

California Business and Professions Code section 17500 is a consumer protection statute intended to protect the public from the use of any untrue, false, or misleading statements to sell real or personal property, or personal services.

Section 17500 provides that any "person, firm, corporation or association, or any employee thereof," who, "with intent to directly or indirectly ... perform services,... or to induce the public to enter into any obligation relating thereto," makes or disseminates, "in any newspaper, or other publication, or any advertising device, or by public outcry or proclamation, or in any other manner or means whatever, including over the internet," any statement "which is untrue or misleading, and which is known, or which by the exercise of reasonable care should be known, to be untrue or misleading," violates the statute. Id.

As a mandatory condition for bringing a Section 17500 claim, a Plaintiff must demonstrate economic injury and an injury-in-fact caused by the alleged conduct. Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code §§ 17204, 17535. That is, a plaintiff must

--- PAGE BREAK ---

establish that he "has suffered injury in fact and has lost money or property as a result of a violation of this chapter." (Emphasis added.)

Applying the indisputable law to this case, in order to establish standing and even be able to bring this suit under Section 17500, Mr. Cortez must demonstrate:
(1) injury in fact, (2) economic loss, and (3) a causal connection between the alleged false advertising and the alleged harm. Id. These requirements ensure that only individuals who have suffered a concrete financial loss because of misleading advertising may bring suit. Kwikset Corp. v. Superior Ct., 51 Cal. 4th 310, 322 (2011) (holding that standing under the FAL extends to individuals who have suffered "injury in fact and lost money or property as a result of a violation of this chapter").

The statute also requires plaintiffs to show that their economic injury was caused by the alleged false advertising. Bower v. AT&T Mobility, LLC, 196 Cal. App. 4th 1545, 1554 (2011) (plaintiff's claim denied because court found that the economic injury was not the result of, i.e., caused by, the claimed false advertising).

Further, a plaintiff must demonstrate some form of actual economic injury and injury-in-fact. Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code §§ 17204, 17535. Bower, 196 Cal. App. 4th at 1554; see also Peterson v. Cellco P'ship, 164 Cal. App. 4th 1583, 1591

--- PAGE BREAK ---

(2008) (rejecting claim where plaintiff failed to allege “actual economic injury”);
Animal Legal Def. Fund v. Mendes, 160 Cal. App. 4th 136, 147 (2008) (economic injury is a “clear requirement” under § 17204); Aron v. U-Haul Co. of Cal., 143 Cal. App. 4th 796, 803 (2006) (upholding standing where the complaint set forth a “basis for a claim of actual economic injury”). And the injury-in-fact must involve an invasion of a legally protected interest that is both concrete and particularized, and actual or imminent—not conjectural or hypothetical. Bower v. AT&T Mobility, LLC, 196 Cal. App. 4th 1545, 1554 (2011).

B. PLAINTIFF HAS NOT ALLEGED ANY ECONOMIC INJURY AND THEREFORE CANNOT PROVE ANY CAUSATION

As a threshold matter, Plaintiff has no standing to make a claim under Section 17500, based on his admitted lack of any economic injury. Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code §§ 17204, 17535. Without that, there simply cannot be a claim under the law, and Plaintiff has not shown, and cannot show, any economic harm. His lawsuit is an attempt at a windfall, as he is asking for a monetary award for damages he never suffered. Specifically, Plaintiff did not pay any money beyond the examination fee—which the SF SPCA refunded in full. Further, for some unknown reason, Plaintiff alleges that he is owed $6,150.00 for some unspecified—and unrecoverable—lost time or inconvenience. However, neither one of these is recoverable under the statute. Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code §§ 17204, 17535. Plaintiff simply cannot demonstrate a financial loss caused by anything done or said by

--- PAGE BREAK ---

anyone at the SF SPCA. Therefore, there is no compensable claim under the

statute.

As further proof that his lawsuit is subject to immediate dismissal, since

Plaintiff has proven absolutely no economic injury, he obviously cannot prove that

any economic injury was caused by the actions of the SF SPCA. That is, (1) there

is no economic injury, and (2) no economic injury was caused by anything done by

the SF SPCA or anyone else. Therefore, there is no causation, of something that

never happened. Causation relies on two connected events, and even if the first one

was true (that SF SPCA engaged in misleading advertising), the second (loss of

money) is not, and there can be no causation.

C. THE SF SPCA DID NOT DISSEMINATE MISLEADING OR

DECEPTIVE STATEMENTS

The very threshold acts for a Section 17500 claim are not even established

here. The plain language of Section 17500 requires an underlying statement “in

any newspaper, or other publication, or any advertising device, or by public outcry

or proclamation, or in any other manner or means whatever, including over the

internet.” That is, Section 17500 focuses specifically and solely on statements

made in a public forum to the general public. Even if Mr. Cortez’ false statements

that he was told he was going to get financial assistance were true (which they are

not, as established by the declaration submitted with this brief), he has not alleged

--- PAGE BREAK ---

any act that fits within Section 17500's coverage, since his sole story is that he was told something privately, one-on-one. Section 17500 seeks to stop misleading advertising and promotions – Mr. Cortez does not allege any such thing.

Plaintiff alleges that the SF SPCA promised him financial assistance and thus made false or misleading statements directly to him, that he then relied on. Dobyns Dec., ¶ 5, 6, 7. But he does not say how he relied on them and, as just referenced, even if such a statement was made to a client, it does not trigger Section 17500. And based on the sworn testimony of SF SPCA's Corey Dobyns, SF SPCA never promised the Plaintiff any financial assistance, nor even implied that assistance was available for Shira's surgery. Id. ¶ 5, 7, 8, 10. Moreover, SF SPCA did not make any statements that were untrue or misleading. Id. ¶ 5, 7, 8, 10, 11. SF SPCA staff followed standard protocol and explained the financial assistance process and eligibility requirements to Plaintiff after he requested that information. All communication about financial assistance was accurate, and at no point did the SF SPCA mislead, lie, or falsely promise financial assistance to the Plaintiff. Id. ¶ 5, 7, 8, 10, 11.

Moreover, Plaintiff's claims assume that every veterinarian owes a potential client monetary damages if that potential client refused to pay for veterinary care for which they were quoted a price. The notion is absurd. Veterinary professionals, like doctors that deal with the human species, do not provide treatment or perform

--- PAGE BREAK ---

surgery on a whim or solely because a client wants it to be so. They must assess,
discuss treatment plans, ensure financial arrangements, and later follow up with the
client to ensure they are offering the animal the best care possible. Plaintiff’s
argument suggests that veterinarians can be in violation of Section 17500’s
advertising prohibition for simply explaining that they will get back to a client with
more information after they have evaluated a case – an absurd argument that
neither fits within Section 17500’s requirements or makes any sense.

Simply put, telling a person that asks about financial aid that there are
financial aid options that they may be eligible for does not guarantee eligibility or
the distribution of those funds; and bringing a pet into a veterinary hospital does
not guarantee that treatment will happen at all. SF SPCA’s conduct here was fully
consistent with professional standards and its financial assistance protocols.

D. THE SF SPCA DID NOT INTEND TO DECEIVE OR MISLEAD

Section 17500 requires intent to mislead the public. SF SPCA made no
misleading statements at all and certainly had no intention of misleading Plaintiff.
Dobyns Dec. 5, 7, 8, 10, 11. Statements made about financial assistance by the
SF SPCA were made in good faith and were made with the intention of describing
the financial assistance process to Plaintiff, upon his request. Id. 7,8, 10. But
explaining how a financial assistance program works is not the same as telling

--- PAGE BREAK ---

someone that they qualify for the program. SF SPCA made truthful statements as to eligibility requirements and did not intentionally deceive or mislead. Id. 7, 8, 10, 11. And to prove its good faith and consideration of Mr. Cortez' situation, SF SPCA even refunded the examination fee to Plaintiff. Id. 8, 10.

Thus, despite the plain language of Section 17500, Plaintiff has brought this claim when there was no public statement, no advertisement, no internet posting, nothing on SF SPCA's website. In the absence of any qualifying act that triggers liability under Section 17500, Plaintiff is asking for a finding of liability for something that does not violate any law, and is seeking to rob the SF SPCA of $6,150 without any basis in fact or law. This effort should be rejected under the clear guidance of the law.

E. PLAINTIFF CANNOT SHOW FALSE STATEMENTS

In light of Plaintiff's lack of anything but a vague claim that he thought he should get financial assistance, he has provided no proof of any misrepresentation whatsoever (which, as established above, would not trigger Section 17500 anyway). As proven by the sworn testimony of Ms. Dobyns, SF SPCA did not commit to or promise any financial assistance whatsoever to the Plaintiff. Id. 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 10. Plaintiff inquired about financial aid assistance, and the SF SPCA explained the process and eligibility requirements. Id. 7. Plaintiff cannot show

--- PAGE BREAK ---

that SF SPCA made any statement that was false, or that the SF SPCA knew or
should have known was false. Id. ¶ 5, 7, 8, 10. Ms. Dobyns explained to Plaintiff
that front desk staff are trained to explain the financial assistance process to all
clients that inquire, but that an explanation of the process is not a guarantee of
eligibility or a promise of funds. Id. ¶ 7.

IV. CONCLUSION

SF SPCA acted in good faith, made no misleading or false statements to
Plaintiff, and refunded Plaintiff the examination fee that he paid. Further, Plaintiff
suffered no economic harm – and thus cannot prove the causation element of
Section 17500, has alleged no actionable conduct that is covered by Section 17500,
and the allegations made by Plaintiff are false. As such, SF SPCA respectfully
requests that the Plaintiff’s claim be denied in full.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

EXHIBIT A - Declaration of Corey Dobyns
Dated 3/23/2026

--- PAGE BREAK ---

SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA FOR THE COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO

Louis Ramon Cortez,
Plaintiff,
vs.
SAN FRANCISCO SOCIETY FOR
THE PREVENTION OF CRUELTY
TO ANIMALS
Defendant.

Case No.: CSM-26-871131
DECLARATION OF COREY DOBYNs
IN OPPOSITION TO PLAINTIFF'S
CLAIM FOR RELIEF

I, Corey Dobyns, submit this declaration in opposition to Plaintiff's claim for relief in the abovecaptioned matter.

1. I am a full-time employee at the San Francisco Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (SF SPCA), where I serve as the Client Experience Manager. I have worked at the SF SPCA since June 19, 2023. My statements in this declaration are based on personal knowledge, review of regular business records of the SF SPCA, or on information and belief.

2. On February 27, 2025, Mr. Cortez brought his dog, Shira, to the SF SPCA Veterinary Hospital for evaluation of skin tumors and a possible broken tooth. Mr. Cortez stated that he was comparing prices with his primary care provider.

3. SF SPCA veterinary staff discussed possible treatment options internally. At no time did staff discuss providing financial assistance to Mr. Cortez. No note of any promised assistance appears in Mr. Cortez' communication log. No cost estimate was provided because staff were still determining an appropriate treatment plan for Shira.

4. Later, in March, Mr. Cortez called the SF SPCA hospital twice to get an update on scheduling. During both calls, no cost estimate was provided, and no financial assistance was promised.

5. On March 27th, 2025, a SF SPCA staff member spoke with Mr. Cortez about the treatment options for Shira. Mr. Cortez was informed that the tumor surgery and the dental procedure could not be performed together because it would require a 4-5-hour surgery, which was not safe for Shira because of her age and size. At this point, the staff member also provided Mr. Cortez with the cost range for the surgery and explained that financial assistance is never promised. At the end of the phone call, Mr. Cortez chose not to proceed with the surgery and threatened the SF SPCA with legal action.

6. Mr. Cortez later emailed the SF SPCA and claimed he had been misled about financial assistance and threatened legal action.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

7. On April 11th, after I reviewed Shira's records and communication logs between SF SPCA staff and Mr. Cortez, I emailed Mr. Cortez and explained that financial assistance had never been promised to him. I explained that, consistent with SF SPCA policy, our front desk staff members are trained to explain the financial assistance process including care credit and eligibility requirements to clients that inquire.

8. In the same email, I also told Mr. Cortez that he was not eligible for financial aid because Shira's surgery required an outside specialist. I told Mr. Cortez that I was going to refund his examination fee of $150.00, but later I realized the fee was $105.00 and refunded him the exact amount.

9. On June 2nd, 2025, Mr. Cortez emailed the SF SPCA and threatened legal action.

10. On June 23, 2025, hospital staff reached out to Mr. Cortez via email to reiterate that financial aid was never promised to him. She also reminded him that the need for a specialist, and the requested elective dental procedure, made Shira ineligible for financial assistance. In the same communication, staff confirmed that a refund for the examination fee had been received by Mr. Cortez.

11. Based on my review of the medical and business records of the SF SPCA, along with my knowledge of our protocol, I believe that the SF SPCA employees who interacted with Mr. Cortez followed standard SF SPCA and professional protocols.

I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that the foregoing is true and correct.

Executed this 23 day of March 2026, in San Francisco, California.
Corey Dobyns

--- PAGE BREAK ---

PROOF OF SERVICE

I, Mary C. Ruiz De La O, am over the age of 18 and not a party to this action. On March 23, 2026, I served the document titled "Defendant's Statement of Facts and Evidence" to Mr. Louis Ramon Cortez by mail (courier-service) to his address at 18 10th Street San Francisco, CA 94103.

I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that the foregoing is true and correct.

Executed on March 23, 2026, at San Francisco, California.

Mary C. Ruiz De La O